Heavyweight Deontay Wilder says it would be a "shame" if he and Anthony Joshua never fought as he prepares to fight Zhilei Zhang.
Comment: The 25-year-old’s erratic behaviour has raised fears for his wellbeing as he prepares to fight a pound-for-pound star in Devin Haney
Taylor will face Serrano on July 20 at AT&T Stadium in Texas and as the co-main event next to Mike Tyson vs Jake Paul
Katie Taylor's long-awaited rematch with Amanda Serrano announced for 20 July in Texas, on the undercard of Jake Paul v Mike Tyson.
Marijuana is on list of banned substances used by Texas department that regulates combat sports, so Mike Tyson following rules before Jake Paul fight.
Amanda Serrano's refusal to compete in a world featherweight unification fight is "frustrating", says WBC champion Skye Nicolson.
Still months away from the highly-anticipated Jake Paul-Mike Tyson bout. Here is the latest news surrounding the bout.
Heavyweight Deontay Wilder has signed with Matchroom Boxing and will face Zhilei Zhang as part of the five-versus-five card against Queensberry Promotions in June
Former world champion Josh Taylor says boxing "will be a duller place" without Willie Limond, who has died aged 45.
Edwards earned a comfortable decision win over Georges Ory to move closer to another world title shot after some dark times outside the ring
All you need to know as Devin Haney defends the WBC super-lightweight title against Ryan Garcia
Ellie Scotney claims her second world super-bantamweight title as she overpowers Segolene Lefebvre, after fellow Briton Rhiannon Dixon completes her journey from pharmacist to world champion.
For years, Katie Taylor has been the biggest name in women's lightweight boxing - but the Irish star cannot fight forever. So who could succeed her in dominating the division?
Bantamweight Charlie Edwards takes a positive step in his bid to become a two-weight world champion as he beats French southpaw Georges Ory on points.
Jordan Gill says he is "not scared of anything" after being heckled during the weigh-in for Saturday's headline bout with Zelfa Barrett.
A gym behind a non-league football club may not be the typical place to prepare for a world title fight - but Rhiannon Dixon has always done things differently.
Breakaway governing body World Boxing says it is holding talks with 25 to 30 prospective new member nations as it seeks to be the International Olympic Committee's preferred partner to run boxing tournaments at the Los Angeles Games in 2028.  World Boxing is seeking to supplant the International Boxing Association, which was expelled from the Olympic movement last year after a long-running dispute with the IOC over IBA finances, ties to Russia and concerns about poor or unfair judging of bouts.  Formed last year, World Boxing currently lists 27 full members including the United States, England, Germany and the Philippines.
World super-bantamweight champion Ellie Scotney says she is ready for "without a doubt" the biggest fight of her career - and to give her mum a birthday present.
The heavyweights will clash on 18 May to crown the division’s first undisputed champion since 2000
Davison, who trained Fury from 2017 until 2019, started coaching ‘AJ’ last year
Oleksandr Revtiukh fires a vicious hook at the seasoned fighter facing him.  Only two years ago he had enjoyed a comfortable civilian life as an electronics technician abroad, before he returned to Ukraine to sign up and fight the Russian invasion.  Revtiukh, who has a prosthetic leg, is one of tens of thousands of Ukrainian combat amputees who are having to adapt to a new life as civilians or back in the military.
Jake Paul, during an appearance on Fox News, explained why he thinks he'll beat Mike Tyson during their bout scheduled for July 20 in Texas.
Bryce Holden, promoter for the proposed fight between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul, explains to USA TODAY Sports why rules for the bout remain undecided.
For Tyson Fury, size will count for everything in his fight with Oleksandr Usyk to crown the first undisputed heavyweight champion since 2000.  Usyk, a former cruiserweight, might be giving away around 50 pounds (22.7 kilograms) to Fury, who — at 6-foot-9 (2.09 meters) — is 6 inches (15cm) taller and has a bigger reach of 7 inches (nearly 18cm).  Speaking at a news conference on Wednesday, Fury complimented Usyk’s boxing skills but said the size difference between the two unbeaten fighters would be too big for the Ukrainian to overcome in the May 18 bout in Saudi Arabia.
The Briton will face the Ukrainian on 18 May to crown the first undisputed heavyweight champion since 2000
Dave Radford and Roberto Duran were from different sporting worlds, but a series of unlikely events saw them fight in front of 10,000 people.
Great Eight: Is Tyson Fury's reign as heavyweight champion nearing an end?
British heavyweight champion Fabio Wardley says there is a "very strong possibility" of a hotly-anticipated rematch with Frazer Clarke.
Fight Week: Rising heavyweight contender Jared Anderson is scheduled to face veteran Ryad Merhy on ESPN Saturday in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Former British and Commonwealth champion Chris Jenkins says he is retiring from boxing due to the results of his annual brain scan.
The American fights Ryad Merhy in Corpus Christi, Texas this weekend, and aims to mix it with Tyson Fury, Oleksandr Usyk and Anthony Joshua in the future
Australian Skye Nicolson beats Denmark's Sarah Mahfoud to claim the WBC featherweight title in Las Vegas.
Junior welterweight contender Richardson Hitchins eked out a decision over a determined Gustavo Lemos on Saturday in Las Vegas.
Richardson Hitchins vs. Gustavo Lemos: Date, time, how to watch, background.
Heavyweight legend Tyson will be 58 when he boxes YouTube star Paul, 27, in July
The trunks worn by Muhammad Ali in his epic 'Thrilla in Manila' victory over Joe Frazier are expected to fetch more than $6m at auction.
‘AJ’ spent five days at The Sky Cave Dark Retreat in Oregon in October
The Bukom neighborhood in Ghana’s capital Accra has produced eight boxing world champions, in a community that revolves almost entirely around the sport.
Mike Tyson exhibits raw power in newly released video that shows his trainer wincing and spitting fluid after taking punches during a training session.
‘AJ’ has been linked with the winner of Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk, though a title fight with Filip Hrgovic could be on the cards
Heavyweight legend Tyson will be 58 when he boxes YouTube star Paul in July
Junior welterweight contender Richardson Hitchins believes he's on his way to stardom going into his fight against Gustavo Lemos.
The Briton has not fought in the UK since April 2022, and last fought in February in Las Vegas, where he earned a points victory over Peter Dobson
The heavyweight legend will be 58 when he boxes YouTube star Paul in July
Mike Tyson said that his meeting with Jake Pau on July 20 will be an exhibition but added that "this is a fight."
Tyson, who was 50-6 with 44 knockouts as a pro fighter, said the feeling of fear drove him throughout his career.
Pound-for-pound: Did Isaac Cruz do enough against Rolando Romero to crack Boxing Junkie's list?
