William Byron scored his second consecutive top-three finish at Texas.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — NASCAR and the NASCAR Foundation are teaming up to host a 37-hour online giving event to raise funds for nonprofits across the country. The Giveathon will begin May 14 at 8 a.m. ET and go until 9 p.m. ET on May 15. Officially known as the “NASCAR Day Giveathon,” the entire […]
Horner’s female colleague is currently suspended by Red Bull Racing as she appeals the outcome of the internal investigation which cleared the team principal of ‘inappropriate behaviour’
Chase Elliott hadn't won in a long time but finally did at Texas and most folks are glad. But potential labor unrest hasn't been put to bed in NASCAR.
Round five of the season is the Chinese Grand Prix - listen to BBC radio commentary and follow live text updates.
Two years ago the Shanghai International Circuit hosted a Covid hospital, but this weekend it will stage Formula One once more as the sport returns to China for the first time since the pandemic.In 2022 the island province of Hainan poured five billion yuan ($691 million) into an electric vehicle racing circuit and Formula E is returning to China next month, with Shanghai hosting for the first time.
tjx/reb/pst/dh
NASCAR went head-to-head with the Masters on Sunday afternoon and a lack of drama in Augusta helped Chase Elliott at Texas.
Jack Harvey's 14-race IndyCar schedule for 2024 with Dale Coyne Racing announced in March originally didn't include Long Beach. Those plans have changed.
Chase Elliott wasn't the only who left the track feeling good Sunday.
When Chase Elliott broke his leg in a snowboarding accident in March 2023, he knew the journey back to Victory Lane would be arduous. But no one knew exactly how long that gap between visits would be. On Sunday, 409 days after suffering his injury, Elliott finally reached the top of the mountain once more, […]
Chase Elliott earned his first Cup victory since October 2022.
NASCAR's most popular driver Chase Elliott broke a long winless streak on Sunday, winning the Cup Series race at Texas in double overtime.
Chase Elliott scored his first NASCAR Cup victory since October, winning Sunday's race at Texas Motor Speedway in double overtime.
Chase Elliott had to get through a few extra laps after 18 months since last winning a race.  Elliott pulled ahead and cleared Ross Chastain on the first lap after the second restart in overtime Sunday at Texas Motor Speedway, ending a 42-race winless streak for NASCAR’s most popular driver.  The race ended on the 16th caution after Elliott had taken the white flag for the 276th lap in a race scheduled for 267 laps.
Chase Elliott scores his first Cup victory since October 2022 at Talladega.
The 2020 Cup Series champion hadn't won since Talladega in October of 2022.
Chase Elliott snapped a 42-race non-winning streak Sunday by winning the NASCAR Cup Series Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 at Texas Motor Speedway
FORT WORTH, Texas — For just the third time in three years as the driver/co-owner at RFK Racing, Brad Keselowski took the checkered flag in second place. It came amid a day full of twists and turns underneath the Lone Star sun as Keselowski wheeled his No. 6 Ford from a middling 22nd starting position […]
Denny Hamlin’s bid for a third NASCAR Cup Series win this season went up in smoke in overtime. On the first of two attempts at NASCAR Overtime, Hamlin restarted alongside race leader Chase Elliott for a green-white-checkered finish in Sunday’s Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 at Texas Motor Speedway. Hamlin raced door-to-door with Elliott into Turns […]
Chase Elliott held off the field in a thrilling, wildly popular double-overtime victory in the Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 at Texas Motor Speedway Sunday evening to earn his first victory in 42 starts — dating back to the 2022 season. By no means was it an easy win for the 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion […]
"I think it’s going to come down to deep in the year," Jimmie Johnson said of when a deal could be done.
All the information you need to get ready for the Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 NASCAR Cup Series race, Sunday at Texas Motor Speedway.
Can another team top Hendrick Motorsports and Joe Gibbs Racing today?
After short-track action on the East Coast, the Cup Series now shifts to high speeds at Texas Motor Speedway for the AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 this Sunday (3:30 p.m. ET, FS1, PRN Radio, Sirius XM NASCAR Radio). RELATED: Set your Fantasy Live roster | Weekend schedule After a stor ybook 1-2-3 Hendrick Motorsports finish at […]
Sam Mayer wins by the second closest margin of victory in Xfinity Series history.
Kyle Larson will be joined by Ty Gibbs on the front row for Sunday's NASCAR Cup race.
Kyle Larson scored the 250th career pole for Hendrick Motorsports
In a race decided by less than the length of a Texas hot chili pepper, JR Motorsports driver Sam Mayer pulled off a last-lap pass on veteran Ryan Sieg to claim his first NASCAR Xfinity Series victory of the season Saturday in the Andy‘s Frozen Custard 300 at Texas Motor Speedway. Officially, the margin of […]
For the third consecutive NASCAR Cup Series race, Hendrick Motorsports driver Kyle Larson will lead the field to green — capturing the pole position Saturday afternoon for Sunday‘s AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 (3:30 p.m. ET, FS1, PRN, SiriusXM NASCAR Radio) at Texas Motor Speedway. Larson, the last of the 10 Round 2 qualifiers to make […]
Toyota and Chevrolet drivers have split the last six Xfinity races at Texas.
A handful of late-race cautions only made it more dramatic but veteran Kyle Busch still managed to hold off a hard-charging field to claim a record-tying sixth NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race victory at Texas Motor Speedway, just bettering Corey Heim by a mere 0.112-seconds to win Friday night‘s SpeedyCash.com 250. Maybe while competing in […]
Texas Motor Speedway's race moved to the spring for the 2024 season.
The 2025 season will encompass 24 races and begin two weeks later than the 2024 season did.
The Australian Grand Prix will return to its traditional position as the first race of the new season in 2025.
Throughout the 2024 NASCAR season, Ken Martin, director of historical content for the sanctioning body, will offer his suggestions on which historical races fans should watch from the NASCAR Classics library in preparation for each upcoming race weekend. Martin has worked exclusively for NASCAR since 2008 but has been involved with the sport since 1982, […]
Formula 1 has agreed the 2025 schedule with the FIA and the opening race will not be in Bahrain next year
Two national NASCAR series start the weekend at Texas Motor Speedway.
Alonso has signed a ‘multi-year contract’ at Aston, ending speculation he could join Mercedes or Red Bull
After a May at IMS with a lack of speed that left him bumped from the Indy 500, Graham Rahal can sense RLL's improved performance.
Carson Kvapil is one of many young drivers who have showcased their skill in NASCAR this year.
Fernando Alonso's passion for Formula 1 shines like a blinding light as 42-year-old announces his decision to race on with Aston Martin, writes Andrew Benson.
Cup drivers explain what they want from a NASCAR crew chief.
The two-time world champion has decided to stay at Aston, ending speculation that he will join Mercedes
Alonso, 42, was set to be a free agent at the end of the season.
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW : Being the brother of Lewis Hamilton has not always been plain sailing. But now a racer and profitable public speaker, Nicolas Hamilton is carving his own route – and he tells Kieran Jackson why he’s hungry for more.
Two days originally scheduled to allow for 13 hours of on-track running at IMS yielded just over three after wet weather forced an early end to Indy 500 Open Testing this week.
BURBANK, CA (April 11, 2024) — The CW Network today announced it will be the exclusive broadcast home for the final eight races of the 2024 NASCAR Xfinity Series this fall. Live coverage begins on Friday, September 20 with the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Bristol Motor Speedway. The series continues through the fall with […]
Persistent rain washes out the session after the first day was shortened at Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
F1 team principal and founder Toleman gave Brazilian legend Senna his first drive in Formula 1
NASCAR teams take on the second intermediate track of the 2024 season.
The American-owned outfit had their bid to join Formula 1 in 2026 turned down in January
Kyle Larson rocketed to second-fastest on the leaderboard Wednesday, gaining experience and showing speed in a rain-abbreviated Indianapolis 500 open test. Larson, the 2021 NASCAR Cup Series champion, drove the No. 17 Arrow McLaren Chevrolet to a best lap of 226.384 mph at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. His speed was second to the chart-topping 228.811 mph […]
After his first Indy 500 test day with the field, Kyle Larson finished near the top of the timing charts, but says he still has a lot to learn.
Huge banner of last year's Indy winner greets who enter Speedway
Team Penske star is ahead of Kyle Larson on the 2.5-mile oval.
The NASCAR champion was among the rookies on track as the Brickyard was open for business.
Here’s what’s happening in the world of NASCAR with Martinsville in the rearview and Texas (Sun., 3:30 p.m. ET, FS1) right around the corner. THE LINEUP ️ 1️⃣ Byron putting together a season for the ages 2️⃣ First spring tumble in Texas since 2019 3️⃣ Exclusive: Jeff Gordon in moments after Martinsville 4️⃣ Ending streaks […]
Far from the glitzy racetracks where legendary drivers made their mark in the world of Formula One, Himzo Beganovic has turned his dreams of speed into reality along the dirt roads of northwestern Bosnia.- 'Indescribable' -
A self-professed lover of "fast driving" and taking "dangerous turns", Beganovic has been turning heads along Bosnia's mountain roads where he reaches speeds of up to 200 kilometres per hour (124 miles per hour).
MARTINSVILLE, Va. — Carson Kvapil knew the opportunity in front of him at Martinsville Speedway was special. There was no way Saturday could be just another day. He made sure he did his part behind the wheel to make his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut unforgettable. The 20-year-old native of Mooresville, North Carolina stormed to a […]
BBC Sport's F1 correspondent Andrew Benson answers your questions on Lewis Hamilton's form and Max Verstappen's dominance.
NEW YORK and DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — NASCAR, the sanctioning body for the No. 1 motorsport in the United States, is enhancing its NASCAR Mobile app experience by launching a new In-App Stories product from WSC Sports, the global leader in AI-powered sports video content. In-App Stories offers NASCAR fans a user-friendly, multi-clip vertical video […]
Joey Logano told SiriusXM NASCAR Radio that NASCAR must do something to improve Cup short track races.
Wednesday will begin with a marathon session scheduled for more than nine hours.
Conor Daly's Indy 500 entry with Dreyer and Reinbold Racing landed primary sponsorship with blockchain technology company Polkadot. Here's what it is
Callum Ilott will replace Arrow McLaren driver at IMS; TBD for next race.
Every year in Formula One the rumour mill starts to turn on what drivers could be making a move, or even worse cut from the grid.
Kyle Larson will enter the next phase in his bid for his Indianapolis 500 debut this week when Indianapolis Motor Speedway hosts a two-day open test. Larson will be among the entrants for Wednesday and Thursday sessions in preparation for the 108th running of the 500-mile event on May 26. The Hendrick Motorsports driver will […]
After an up-and-down return to the Indy 500 after a decade away, Katherine Legge has landed another ride, this year with Dale Coyne Racing.
Series officials working with Goodyear on how to make the tire wear more at short tracks.
The Italian-based team has been successful in European ladder series to Formula One.
After more than four decades of championship-level junior formula racing on the various levels of the European ladder system, Prema Racing will join IndyCar with a pair of full-time entries in 2025.
The No. 51 Dallara-Honda will have backing from e.l.f. Cosmetics.
Korea hosted an F1 race from 2010-2013 at a circuit in Yeongam but now plans are in motion for a new event
A two-day test at Indianapolis this week might get rained on. Kurt Busch's 2014 effort shows it can be done, but there's a catch.
William Byron, Kyle Larson and Chase Elliott gave Hendrick Motorsports a 1-2-3 NASCAR sweep at Martinsville but short tracks need fixed, fast.
MARTINSVILLE, Va. — Bubba Wallace has been no stranger to the front of the field this season, but his finishes haven’t often reflected that. Wallace left nothing to worry about Sunday at Martinsville Speedway. The No. 23 Toyota took the checkered flag fourth after remaining a mainstay at the front of the pack in Sunday’s […]
With four races of the 2024 Formula One season done and dusted, it is a good time to look at how each team has been faring compared to how they finished last year.
The McLaren driver started the Japanese Grand Prix ahead of both Ferrari cars but finished behind them
Also, Chase Elliott has had two straight top-five finishes. When and where will he make it a top-one finish?
Stemming from his ongoing recovery after surgery Feb. 13 for torn ligaments in his dislocated wrist suffered in a mountain biking crash, David Malukas will miss this week's Indy 500 Open Test.
Formula One returns to China this month after a five-year hiatus because of complications related to the Covid pandemic. This year also marks the 20th anniversary of the race at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Just four races into the Formula One season, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes that the title is Max Verstappen’s to lose after another win for the Red Bull driver.
After Friday practice in Suzuka, Lewis Hamilton said this was “the best” his current Mercedes car has felt. Even after qualifying seventh, half a second off Max Verstappen’s pole time, he was positive. The W15 was the “most comfortable” it had been all season. Yet the signs of positivity were scant after the race. “In general the car just feels pretty bad,” he said after struggling to ninth at Suzuka.
Ricciardo crashed out on the first lap of the Japanese Grand Prix, continuing his poor start to the 2024 season – he needs to show some form or he is likely to be replaced by Liam Lawson
William Byron's victory at Martinsville provided another special moment at this historic track.
William Byron won a two-lap shootout in overtime, claiming NASCAR's Cook Out 400 at Martinsville in a banner day for Hendrick Motorsports.
Sunday's Cup race saw 13 lead changes over 415 laps.
William Byron said he had nightmares coming to Martinsville Speedway this weekend, remembering his last visit when he struggled to a 13th-place finish.  Electing to stay out on old tires for the two-lap overtime finish, Byron won for the third time this season in eight races and led an historic 1-2-3 finish for Hendrick.  "It’s awesome and it’s way bigger than me,” Byron said.
All four Hendrick Motorsports drivers finished inside the top 10 at Martinsville.
William Byron has two Cup wins at Martinsville.
MARTINSVILLE, Va. — Chase Elliott turned in his best result of the season on a storybook afternoon for Hendrick Motorsports. Elliott’s third-place effort in Sunday’s Cook Out 400 at Martinsville Speedway highlighted a 1-2-3 effort for the organization as it celebrated its 40th anniversary in style. The 2020 NASCAR Cup Series champion, Elliott efforted his […]
MARTINSVILLE, Va. — William Byron has a penchant for milestones. Last year, Byron picked up the 300th NASCAR Cup Series victory for Hendrick Motorsports at Texas Motor Speedway. In Sunday’s Cook Out 400 at Martinsville Speedway, he got another. In a race that went into NASCAR Overtime, Byron led an unprecedented 1-2-3 finish for owner […]
The all-time list of NASCAR Cup Series winners starts with Richard Petty (200 wins) and includes more than 60 drivers who won just a single time at NASCAR’s top level. Below is the list of all-time winners, in order, in the NASCAR Cup Series. Last update: After Race 9 of the 2024 season (Texas Motor […]
How to watch NASCAR on TV in 2024 and which channels have NASCAR TV programming this week? We answer those and give the weekly 2024 NASCAR TV listings here in the latest television schedule. Note: All 2024 NASCAR TV times listed are ET. NASCAR TV networks: How to find USA Network | How to find […]
Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff painted a bleak but realistic picture of the Formula 1 season after the Japanese Grand Prix.
Just how worried should Mercedes fans be after the Japanese Grand Prix? The jury is out after yet another promising start to a weekend ended in a “difficult” race, one which left as many questions as answers.
Mercedes’ Russell attempted to overtake McLaren’s Piastri at the final chicane of the Suzuka circuit
Practice and qualifying went about as expected at Martinsville Speedway. The historically good drivers at the track remained fast, though for the second consecutive week Kyle Larson nabbed the Busch Light Pole Award at one of his toughest race tracks. This is a big weekend for Hendrick Motorsports, as the winningest team in NASCAR history […]
All the information you need to get ready for the Cook Out 400 NASCAR Cup Series race, Sunday at Martinsville Speedway.
F1 updates from the Japanese Grand Prix at the Suzuka circuit as Verstappen starts once more from the front
