Andy Pages had a blistering start to the year in triple-A Oklahoma City that saw the 23-year-old bat .371 with five home runs and 15 RBIs in 15 games.
Manager Whitey Herzog forged a Hall of Fame career guiding the St. Louis Cardinals and Kansas City Royals. He also had a stint in the Angels front office.
Herzog was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2010.
Fantasy baseball analyst Scott Pianowski takes some time to answer some pressing questions in his latest mailbag.
Leiter has had three strong outings with Triple-A Round Rock this season.
Mets pitching prospect Christian Scott spoke with SNY about his evolution as a pitcher and his readiness ahead of his potential big league debut.
Fantasy baseball analyst Dalton Del Don debuts The Scorecard, a weekly series featuring his takes on key MLB player notes.
Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes grew up around baseball while his dad was in the majors, and he played baseball at Texas Tech well enough that the Detroit Tigers drafted him.
Freeland was pinch running due to the Rockies being thin on their bench.
Here's how to watch the Mets game on SNY online or via the SNY app.
Here's what happened in Mets Land on Monday, including a comeback win over the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Jeff Hoffman is built as much like a linebacker as he is a pitcher and it mattered on Monday night. "I wish baseball was more of a contact sport," he joked after making a game-saving tag at the plate.
The Athletics wanted Esteury Ruiz to work on his hitting in Triple-A, and it appears the speedy outfielder did just that.
Keegan Thompson also helped secure the win, by pitching two scoreless innings, giving up only one walk while striking out three
Tyler Glasnow struggles and Shohei Ohtani can't help spark a rally as the Dodgers lose to the Washington Nationals 6-4 on Jackie Robinson Day at Dodger Stadium.
Wilmer Flores demonstrated his elite readiness in the Giants' comeback win over the Miami Marlins on Monday.
George Bissell breaks down Edward Cabrera's extremely impressive season debut and more in the latest Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire column.
This Mets team simply doesn't quit, and that was again the case in Monday's thrilling win over the Pittsburgh Pirates.
White Sox right-hander Nick Nastrini (0-1) permitted two runs and three hits over five innings in his major league debut
Brandon Crawford returned to the Bay for the first time after 13 years with the Giants, and talked to NBC Sports Bay Area's Alex Pavlovic about how he's settling in as a St. Louis Cardinal and backup shortstop.
Chicago Cubs first baseman Michael Busch is on quite a run for the North Siders, and he's joined some elite company on Monday night in Phoenix.
Luis Gil struggled with the strike zone but received little run support in the Yankees' 3-1 loss at the Toronto Blue Jays.
The Mets rallied again to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6-3 in the series opener on Monday night at Citi Field.
Clase is ranked as the No. 10 prospect in Seattle’s organization.
The White Sox will begin their series against the Royals Monday with a fresh rookie on the mound
The Chicago Cubs’ lineup took a big hit Monday as the team placed outfielder Seiya Suzuki on the 10-day injured list. Suzuki, who has three home runs and 13 RBIs this season, was diagnosed with a right oblique strain, which he suffered in Sunday’s win over the Seattle Mariners. The Cubs made a corresponding roster move prior to their series...
Whit Merrifield hasn't played much lately but was in the Phillies' lineup Monday. "I think it's taken its toll on the quality of his at-bats, not playing every day," Rob Thomson said.
Mets manager Carlos Mendoza spoke before Monday's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates about Brett Baty's improvement against left-handers, Francisco Lindor's impact on the game and Jackie Robinson Day.
Sterling has called Yankees games since 1989, a span including the Derek Jeter era that saw the franchise win five World Series championships.
Mets first baseman Pete Alonso has gotten off to a tremendous start and he was just named the National League Player of the Week for the second week of the season.
John Sterling, the legendary radio voice of the Yankees for over three decades, has announced his retirement and will be honored by the team on Saturday.
As a new era of Milwaukee baseball begins, the 26-year-old is continuing to improve and impress on both offense and defense.
Monday's loss offered another example of the Red Sox' defensive miscues costing them in both the short- and long-term, writes John Tomase.
Red Sox outfielder Tyler O'Neill left Monday's game bloodied after a scary collision with third baseman Rafael Devers.
Jake Mintz & Jordan Shusterman discuss Jackie Robinson Day and why it can be a complicated day for the league, they recap all the games from the weekend and if the end is in sight for super agent Scott Boras after a rough offseason.
O'Neill required eight stitches after a violent collision caused his head to snap back and left him and Rafael Devers sprawled on the the outfield turf at Fenway Park.
The Chicago Cubs paid an emotional tribute to pitcher Ken Holtzman, who died Monday at the age of 78.
Ken Holtzman, a famed member of the 1969 Chicago Cubs and author of two no-hitters with the North Siders, has died at the age of 78, according to multiple reports.
Many fantasy managers become too afraid of making a mistake, of making a wrong decision. Scott Pianowski explains why that fear is a detriment.
SNY contributor Joe DeMayo answers fan questions in this edition of the Mets Minor League Mailbag...
Never change, Gronk.
Here's how to watch the Mets game on SNY online or via the SNY app.
Here are five things to watch when the Mets host the Pittsburgh Pirates for a three-game series at Citi Field.
Here's what happened in Mets Land on Sunday, including a series win over the Kansas City Royals and a positive J.D. Martinez update.
Fred Zinkie breaks down this week's pitching landscape for those debating whether or not to trust some debatable arms.
The Dodgers have one of the strongest rosters in baseball, but a top-heavy lineup and a shaky bullpen could doom their World Series title hopes.
Dodgers pitchers issue 14 walks — the most walks in a single game by the team since 1962 — in a 6-3 loss to the San Diego Padres.
With an epic six-run sixth inning, the Athletics roared to a comeback victory over the Washington Nationals on Sunday afternoon.
Here's the latest on the Mets' top prospects...
Boston Red Sox reliever Kenley Jansen complained about the quality of MLB's baseball after struggling in his outing versus the Los Angeles Angels.
Cubs pitcher Javier Assad struck out six in 5.2 innings against the Mariners
Coming up through the minors Jose Butto never got much love on the various prospects lists, but maybe it’s time to say that he could be a significant piece of the Mets’ pitching future.
Blake Snell did not make any excuses after a rough outing in the Giants' ugly loss to the Rays on Sunday.
For a Phillies team that hasn't been able to get much traction so far, it's hard to imagine a more perfect opportunity to pad its record.
26-year-old right-hander Jose Butto has been spectacular over his first two starts since sliding into the Mets' starting rotation.
Zack Wheeler has been sturdy on the mound but lack of run support and defensive struggles hindered another start from the Phillies' ace.
Honored by the New York Mets with the retirement of his No. 16 on Sunday, Gooden was presented with a framed jersey and a bronzed pitching rubber listing his Mets accomplishments.
Nick Nastrini posted a 3.77 ERA in 14.1 innings for the White Sox during spring training
The White Sox had 14 hits in the series and have scored a major league-low 34 runs so far this season
The White Sox made the wrong kind of history on Sunday. With their 11-4 loss to the Reds, the team fell to 2-13 on the season, which is the worst start to their season over their entire 124-year history, through 15 games. The previous worst start to a season was the 1968 squad’s 2-12 record through 14 games, which the...
Chicago Cubs first baseman Michael Busch is on quite a run for the North Siders, and he continued it Sunday against the Seattle Mariners.
Mets manager Carlos Mendoza provided a positive update on veteran slugger J.D. Martinez on Sunday, saying the 36-year-old will resume swinging a bat on Monday.
The Yankees fought back to tie the game in the ninth but let a two-run, 10th-inning lead disappear in an 8-7 loss to the Cleveland Guardians.
The Mets rallied late to defeat the Kansas City Royals 2-1 in the series finale on Sunday afternoon at Citi Field.
Blake Snell's second Giants start didn't go well, as he was tagged for seven earned runs in four innings in a bad loss to the Rays.
Heartfelt as it was on this April Sunday at Citi Field, Doc Gooden’s Mets number retirement ceremony was unlike almost any other, simply because his legacy has long been as complicated as his rise to superstardom 40 years ago was magical.
Chicago Cubs pitcher Shota Imanaga continued his incredible start to his big league career on Saturday against the Seattle Mariners, and in doing so he reached heights not seen by a Cubs pitcher in 115 years.
Dwight Gooden's No. 16 is officially being retired by the Mets on Sunday afternoon.
Eric Samulski breaks down this week's top waiver wire adds and drops.
Here's how to watch the Mets game on SNY online or via the SNY app.
Here's what happened in Mets Land on Saturday, in case you missed it...
Gavin Stone throws five perfect innings and doesn't let a benches-clearing incident with Jurickson Profar rattle him in the Dodgers' win over the Padres.
Joe Boyle's strong outing served as a bright spot in Oakland's 3-1 loss to the Washington Nationals on Saturday at Oakland Coliseum.
McKinstry made a three-run error in the field and allowed a three-run home run on the mound.
Dodgers pitcher Bobby Miller is dealing with shoulder inflammation and it's unclear when he might return to the active roster.
The Dodgers already had a full rotation on their injured list.
Kyle Schwarber's lead-off homer and Nick Castellanos' walkoff single help lead the Fightin' Phils past the Pirates.
It was the bullpen in accompany with the Phillies' offense who had Spencer Turnbull's back Saturday vs. Pirates.
The Giants' offense broke out of a slump in a major way by throttling the Tampa Bay Rays 11-2 on Saturday at Tropicana Field.
The Giants' offense broke out of a slump in a major way by throttling the Tampa Bay Rays 11-2 on Saturday at Tropicana Field.
Offensively, the Mets banged out seven runs and nine hits on Saturday. Defensively, one play stuck out that New York and Starling Marte would like to have back.
Burke was placed on the 15-day IL Saturday with a fractured hand.
Juan Soto blasted his third home run of the season in support of Cody Poteet as the Yankees completed the doubleheader sweep with an 8-2 win over the Guardians in Game 2 on Saturday night.
CHICAGO (AP) — Nick Lodolo struck out 10 in 5 2/3 innings in his first big league start in almost a year, and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago White Sox 5-0 on Saturday. Cincinnati scored five runs in the second against Garrett Crochet, and Lodolo took over from there. The 6-foot-6 left-hander allowed one hit — Robbie Grossman’s infield...
The Giants' bats provided Logan Webb with plenty of run support in a bounce-back win over the Rays.
Garrett Crochet’s already pitched close to half the number of innings of his career-high 54.1 innings from the 2021 season as a reliever. At 22.2 innings thus far this season, Crochet is turning heads with his impressive starts on the bump for the White Sox. And that continued on Saturday — despite giving up five earned runs — with a...
Sean Manaea struggled for the first time in a Mets uniform, and the lineup could not bail him out as New York lost 11-7 to the Royals at Citi Field on Saturday afternoon.
Following their Game 1 win against the Guardians, the Yankees announced INF Jon Berti was being placed on the IL.
Oswaldo Cabrera homered as the Yankees defeated the Cleveland Guardians, 3-2, in Game 1 of a doubleheader on Saturday afternoon at Progressive Field.
Prior to Saturday's game, Mets manager Carlos Mendoza provided injury update on J.D. Martinez and Kodai Senga.
Atlanta Braves ace Spencer Strider will miss the rest of the season after having surgery to repair the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow, the team said Saturday.
Here's how to watch the Mets game on SNY online or via the SNY app.
Strider made only two starts this season before suffering the injury.
Here's a potential first look at the Mets' City Connect hats, which are set to be released later this month.
Here's what happened in Mets Land on Friday, including a series-opening victory over the Kansas City Royals.
Amid his slow start to the season, Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor was grateful to receive a standing ovation from the hometown fans on Friday night.
With former interpreter Ippei Mizuhara formally charged, Shohei Ohtani is once again strictly concentrating on baseball and becoming a force for the Dodgers.
Despite home runs from Shohei Ohtani, Mookie Betts, Max Muncy and Teoscar Hernández, the Dodgers bullpen struggles to hold back San Diego Padres in an 8-7 loss.
Cubs pitcher Jordan Wicks went just four innings and allowed four runs, walked four and struck out six
It was a night of mistakes for the Phillies, falling 5-2 to the Pirates, putting a damper on the City Connect jersey debut.
Ohtani drove an elevated outside fastball from Michael King 403 feet into the center-field stands for his fourth homer in eight games.
The Chicago White Sox finished with four hits on Friday, giving them a total of 30 runs scored during their 2-11 start to the season
Bob Melvin and the Giants' frustrations boiled over in a 2-1 loss to the Rays on Friday night in Tampa Bay.
It’s hard to say exactly when it started, but it wasn’t too many years ago when players and front offices of both New York teams noticed that the booing had become different.
Luis Severino faced a tall task on Friday as the Royals entered Citi Field on a seven-game winning streak with 24 runs scored over their last two games.
Ohtani tied Hideki Matsui for the most MLB homers ever hit by a Japanese player.
Luisangel Acuña has his first multi-hit game of the season as he helped the Syracuse Mets to their third straight win on Friday night.
The Giants ace, who grew up an A's fan, is excited for his hometown but sympathizes with Oakland and its fans.
Keaton Winn pitched five strong innings, but the Giants' offense was shut down by the Rays in a 2-1 loss Friday night.
The Mets won for the fourth time in their last five games, defeating the red-hot Royals, 6-1, Friday at Citi Field.
After a rough start to his 2024 season, the Chicago Cubs have optioned right-handed reliever José Cuas to Triple-A Iowa, while recalling fellow righty Keegan Thompson to the big league club in his place, the team announced.
Fritz Peterson spent nine of his 11 MLB seasons pitching for the Yankees, from 1966-1974, earning an All-Star nod in 1970 and winning 109 games with an ERA of 3.10 during his Bronx tenure.
White Sox general manager Chris Getz told reporters on Friday that the organization expects an earlier return for Yoán Moncada. Against the Guardians series, Moncada strained his adductor while running to first base. He pulled up and collapsed just before the bag, needing assistance from the trainers to depart the field. Moncada was initially given a 3-6 month timetable for...
Bad Bunny's agency is reportedly under investigation for providing improper benefits to players.
In his first comments since former interpreter Ippei Mizuhara was charged, Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani says he's "very grateful" for the investigation.
Orion Kerkering joined the Phillies on Friday, Johan Rojas rests for a second consecutive game and more ahead of tonight's matchup against the Pirates.
The Chicago White Sox made a flurry of roster moves before Friday’s series opener against the Cincinnati Reds. Third baseman Yoán Moncada has been placed on the 60-day injured list after suffering a left adductor strain on Tuesday while running to first base. The team expects him to return to the field in three to six months. The White Sox...
Here are 3 questions that were addressed by the IRS Special Agent report and 3 questions still to be answered.
