Chelsea boss Emma Hayes said her players sometimes "get taken for granted" after their success in recent years.
Tony Docherty says he has achieved in his mission to foster "synergy" between the Dundee faithful and the playing squad this season.  Joyous scenes of celebration followed the Dens Park side securing top-six football at Pittodrie on Saturday, which the manager believes is testament to the bond formed between everyone at the club.  "If I know that group of boys like I do, there's no way they're going to rest on their laurels," Docherty said.
Philippe Clement says Rangers must not be too despondent after the shock defeat to Ross County, pointing out even Manchester City's Treble winners suffered the occasional "off-day".
Uncertainty over Erol Bulut's Cardiff City future is showing no sign of coming to an end – but it seems speculation over the Bluebirds boss is only just beginning.  With no news on whether Bulut will be offered a new deal at Cardiff, he has been linked with another job for the first time this spring.  While the debate continues in Wales over the extent of Cardiff's progress under the former Turkey Under-21 international, Bulut is being touted as a contender to take charge at one of the biggest clubs in his homeland.
Aberdeen fans will require "patience" to allow Jimmy Thelin to find success at the club, says The Gothenburg Post's Elfsborg reporter Joel Besseling.  Although the 46-year-old may need time to build at Pittodrie, Besseling believes the club have got themselves a "bargain" with the Swede's appointment.  "There has been six years since he came to Elfsborg and they really struggled the first couple of years," he told BBC Scotland.
History beckons for Man City as Real Madrid stand in their way in a Champions League quarter-final second leg
Barcelona host Paris Saint-Germain in what could be Kylian Mbappe’s final Champions League game for the French side
Wales striker Mark Harris could be facing former club Cardiff City next year – if he keeps up his prolific form.  Harris, 25, spent six years with the Bluebirds before leaving on a free last summer.  The U’s are in the final play-off spot before Tuesday night’s game with top-six hopefuls Lincoln, with Harris having scored five goals in his last three games.
Harry Kane has said his childhood rejection by Arsenal left him with a point to prove that will “always be in my DNA”, as the England captain attempts to keep alive his debut campaign at Bayern Munich by defeating his old rivals in the Champions League.
The Manchester City could return after five games out as Real Madrid and Vinicius Jr return to the Etihad
Following on from his 500th professional appearance in football, Paul McGinn says featuring for Scotland was the highest point of his career.  “I left pro-youth when I was 11,” the Motherwell defender told club media.
Mauricio Pochettino has called for his young squad to be shown patience throughout the season, but the Chelsea manager now needs discipline after the on-field spat overshadowed his side’s 6-0 win over Everton
Former Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita is suspended by Werder Bremen until the end of the season and given a "substantial fine".
Everything you need to know ahead of the second leg
Last weekend’s Champions Cup action was marred by the Bulls’ decision to send a second-string team to play Northampton Saints in the quarter-finals.
Here are the key facts and figures before Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg between Bayern Munich and Arsenal (20:00 BST kick-off).  Arsenal have lost their past three trips to Bayern Munich, with the past two ending 5-1 (November 2015 and February 2017).  The Gunners have only won one of their six away games against Bayern in the Champions League.
Liverpool right-back Conor Bradley is expected to be out for about three weeks with an ankle injury.
It's only taken 77 days since Barry Robson's tenure was cut short and a mere 39 days since Neil Warnock exited stage right, but Aberdeen have now landed their man in the form of 46-year old Swede Jimmy Thelin, who will arrive in June.  Credit where it's due to Dave Cormack and the Aberdeen board for pulling out all the stops to land the highly-rated Thelin - it's a move that excite the majority of Dons fans for what the future holds.  This is certainly an appointment of imagination and ambition but that will require to be matched by the powers that be when it comes to player recruitment this summer.
Bernardo Silva says an unprecedented double treble is an "inspiration and motivation" as Manchester City prepare to host Real Madrid on Wednesday with a place in the Champions League semi-finals at stake.City drew the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final with 14-time European champions Real 3-3 at the Bernabeu last week.
Kylian Mbappe has previously expressed a desire to feature on home soil at Paris 2024
The right back, who had shone in Trent Alexander-Arnold’s absence, will be out for three weeks
The goalkeeper has proved a key figure in Wrexham’s promotion-winning campaign
Everton's 6-0 drubbing at Chelsea on Monday was a disastrous result which battered their goal difference and will have crushed their confidence too in the final stages of the season.  The Toffees lie only two points and two places above the relegation zone and face a monumental meeting with fellow strugglers Nottingham Forest on Sunday.  Everton formally lodged an appeal against their second points deduction and the Premier League confirmed the case will be heard before the end of the campaign.
Werder Bremen on Tuesday suspended Naby Keita "until the end of the season" and handed the midfielder "a substantial fine" after he refused to play against Bayer Leverkusen on Sunday.Former Liverpool midfielder Keita was told before Sunday's trip to Leverkusen he would not be in the starting XI. The 28-year-old refused to board the team bus and instead went home.
Elfsborg head coach Jimmy Thelin will become Aberdeen's fifth manager in three years when he takes over in June.
Guardiola has insisted there will be no repeat of last season’s 4-0 win as he warned City against complacency
Striker Harry Kane said Tuesday Bayern Munich still have a chance of a "great season" by winning the Champions League, before Wednesday's home quarter final second leg against Arsenal."Now I'm here at Bayern Munich and of course I have history with them (Arsenal) but all I can try and do is help Bayern Munich qualify for the semi-finals of the Champions League."
Pep Guardiola has been speaking to the media before Manchester City's Champions League quarter-final second-leg with Real Madrid.  From the beginning his impact was huge in terms of goals and many things.
Jimmy Thelin says he is "honoured" to be appointed Aberdeen manager and will strive to build a successful team that "captures the hearts of the supporters".  The Swede, 46, will leave Elfsborg in his homeland in early June to take the reins at Pittodrie on a contract until summer 2027, with Peter Leven remaining in caretaker charge for the remainder of this season.  “I wanted to be sure I was making the right step in my career, particularly as this will be my first time managing outside of Sweden," said Thelin.
Nicolas Jackson is determined to finish his first season at Chelsea on a high and will not risk that by repeating the penalty row that took the shine off another encouraging personal performance from the striker against Everton.
The Premier League season saw some incredible upsets this week and that craziness is reflected in our latest Power Rankings.
Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva says defending their Treble is their "inspiration and motivation" until the end of the season.  Pep Guardiola's side are aiming for an unprecedented fourth consecutive Premier League title and to become only the second team to win back-to-back Champions Leagues.  "We know what we have already achieved and we want to create a legacy," said Silva.
Usually when a team wins a game 6-0, the scoreline is the biggest talking point of the match. Not for Chelsea.
Not many Hatters are reading into the game against Manchester City.  Yes, the stats show the overwhelming amount of shots they had and yes they put five goals past us, but that’s the last game we play against the perceived “big six”.
Lake Travis soccer player Ryan Dilworth says the memories he's made on all the team busrides and spending time with teammates will last a lifetime.
Here are the key facts and figures before Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg between Manchester City and Real Madrid at Etihad Stadium (20:00 BST kick-off).  Manchester City could become just the second team to eliminate Real Madrid from the knockout stages of the European Cup/Champions League in consecutive seasons, after AC Milan in 1988-89 (semi-finals) and 1989-90 (last 16).  City have won their past three home games against Real Madrid, all under Pep Guardiola - 2-1 in 2020, 4-3 in 2022 and 4-0 in 2023).
An epic UEFA Champions League quarterfinal second leg takes place at Etihad Stadium on Wednesday as Manchester City host Real Madrid with the score locked at 3-3.
It was extremely good to see Matheus Cunha starting again for Wolves on Saturday - and it was even better to see him score twice against Nottingham Forest.  Wolves got over 75 minutes from the Brazil forward at the City Ground and hopefully he will be ever present as we head into the business end of the season.  It had been a slow start to life for at Molineux but over 12 months on and Cunha has become one of the most pivotal members of the Wolves squad and I am really shocked not to see more top clubs linked with him.
Sunday's win for Fulham over West Ham might have not grabbed the headlines amongst the surprise defeats for Arsenal and Liverpool, but it was definitely a much-needed one for the Whites.  While he did not score, Rodrigo Muniz was impressive once again for Fulham up front.  Last week, he was awarded the Premier League player of the month for March and, for us fans, it was a hugely significant moment.
Former Brazil international Felipe Anderson said Tuesday that he will leave Lazio at the end of the season to return to his home country with Palmeiras.Felipe Anderson has scored six goals in Serie A this season and has been a key man for Lazio since returning to the Rome-based club from West Ham in 2021.
Bayern Munich host Arsenal in a huge UEFA Champions League quarterfinal second leg on Wednesday and this one is so close to call.
If you're looking for flash, Stuart Grable might not be the first player you notice on the Milwaukee Wave, but "he's the guy you want on your team."
It's time to vote for the Austin-area girls high school athlete of the week for April 8-13. The poll closes at 4 p.m. Friday.
Bayer Leverkusen ended Bayern Munich's long reign as Bundesliga champion, but is its season merely a fluke or a sign of growing parity in European soccer?
Former Premier League striker Chris Sutton questioned whether Liverpool "are running out of steam" in the title race on the BBC Radio 5 Live's Monday Night Club.  The Reds suffered a shock defeat by Atalanta in the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final, before losing to Crystal Palace on Sunday.  "Jurgen Klopp seemed so downbeat," said Sutton.
Time and time again it emptied, allowing Ross County to break on us with John Lundstram on his own trying to deal with several Staggies players running from deep.  Dujon Sterling should have been on for Kieran Dowell to give the team a bit more physicality in there.  It was the wrong call bringing on Tom Lawrence and a similar pattern followed.
Julian: Palmer surely has to be the best buy of the season.  Cole Palmer is such a good player for us and these types of performances should definitely make him a candidate for young player of the season.  It was also great to see Alfie Gilchrist get his first goal as it’s such a nice sight for our Cobham graduates to score and celebrate with that much passion.
Another dramatic week of SWPL action has come and gone, and competition was as fierce as ever to earn in spot in my team of the week.  Lauren Perry (Montrose) - Saved a penalty at a crucial time to stop Spartans getting back into the game.  Claire Delworth (Montrose) - Helped her team to three vital points with an absolute cracker of a strike.
Lewis Ferguson's summer plans are in disarray with the Bologna captain set to undergo surgery for an injury to his cruciate ligament.  Nathan Patterson also hobbled off as Everton were battered by Chelsea on Monday night, with the extent of his injury yet to be revealed.  Let's look on the brighter side with one of Scotland's great personalities, who just so happens to be an outstanding footballer.
Ipswich, Leeds, Leicester and Southampton are fighting for the title and automatic promotion places
Manchester United have spoken to Alejandro Garnacho after the winger liked social media posts criticising manager Erik ten Hag over his handling of the player.One post accused Ten Hag of "throwing (Garnacho) under the bus" because of comments the United boss made about the 19-year-old's performance.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino said it was a “sad situation” seeing his players squabble over who was going to take a penalty during an otherwise impressive 6-0 win against Everton.
Here are 15 standouts from Week 2 of the boys lacrosse season in the Shore Conference.
Candidates come from all over the Cape and Islands. Voting ends on Monday.
Gloucester confirm hooker Santiago Socino will leave the club at the end of the season to join French club Agen.
Cole Palmer has a chance of winning the Premier League Golden Boot after hitting four goals past Everton at Stamford Bridge, having scored a hat-trick inside the first 29 minutes of the game.  The midfielder has recorded 20 Premier League goals so far this season, bringing him level with Erling Haaland of Manchester City, and he has now scored the most league goals in a campaign for the Blues since Diego Costa in 2016-17.
Cardiff City could be without new defender Ryotaro Tsunoda for the start of the 2024-25 season after the defender underwent surgery.  Tsunoda, 24, impressed in nine appearances for the Pro League team, but suffered a hamstring injury during their 1-0 win over defending champions Anderlecht last month.  The club confirmed the former Yokohama Marinos player had required an operation for the problem, saying the procedure was similar to the one that kept Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne sidelined for four months.
The Gainesville Sun's Boys Soccer Player of the Year shot up scoring leaderboards across the U.S. Check out who he is and the full team of 22 players.
Sacred Heart-Griffin's Isabella Perryman is in the middle of everything and can handle any task thrown her way
The GHSA state soccer playoffs start this week. Here's the matchups for teams from the Greater Savannah area.
You cannot miss that many chances and win football matches.  In fact, against Crystal Palace, it verged on being ridiculous.  Luis Diaz forced an incredible save from Dean Henderson in the first half, but from that point onwards, the Palace keeper did not have to do anything.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty has been answering your questions on all things Premier League.  Anthony asked: Do you think Manchester City are the best English team ever?  FFP aside, if they go on to win the Premier League or scarily the Treble again it will be by far the greatest achievement of a team/manager.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty has been answering your questions on all things Premier League.  Ben asked: Who do you think is the best candidate for Manchester United manager to replace Erik ten Hag if he goes?  Especially if Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants a younger manager to herald in a new generation?
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty has been answering your questions on all things Premier League.  VG asked: Do you think Aston Villa's win might suggest Arsenal were too hasty in sacking Unai Emery after only 18 months as manager?  This does not mean for one second I feel Emery is not an elite manager and he did get Arsenal to the Europa League final in his one full season.
Prospective owners 777 Partners now have a few weeks to come up with the money
Everything you need to know ahead of the second leg
Noni Madueke and Nicolas Jackson wanted to take the penalty ahead of Cole Palmer as the bust-up overshadowed the 6-0 win over Everton
Man City open talks for Rayan Ait-Nouri, Tottenham make offer for Tosin Adarabioyo, Man Utd show Viktor Gyokeres interest, plus more.
Sean Dyche told BBC Sport that Everton's performance was "really poor" against Chelsea and "miles off the intent and desire needed to win" a match.  "I thought we were mildly better second half but the first half miles off," said the Everton boss.
With points deductions awaiting appeals for Nottingham Forest and Everton, who is currently facing relegation from the Premier League?
Everton's appeal against their second points deduction for breaching the Premier League's financial rules will be heard "urgently" and an outcome will come before the end of the season.
After scoring four goals for Chelsea in their 6-0 win over Everton, Cole Palmer has 20 goals and nine assists - can he win the Premier League golden boot?
Coldwater soccer had little trouble in the Battle of US-12 on Monday, holding Sturgis scoreless in the win; Quincy falls to Pennfield
Arsenal are preparing for a potentially season-defining Champions League clash against Bayern Munich on Wednesday as familiar doubts simmer over whether they can handle the pressure after their damaging Premier League defeat by Aston Villa.Now Arsenal, who have never won the Champions League, travel to the home of Bayern with little time to lick their wounds, targeting their first semi-final in the competition since 2009.
Real Madrid visit Manchester City on Wednesday bidding to reach the Champions League semi-finals and forward Rodrygo Goes may hold their key to success.In the Champions League quarter-final second leg against Chelsea last season Rodrygo hit another brace to secure Madrid a 2-0 win at Stamford Bridge.
FC Cincinnati hadn't lost consecutive matches since May 2022 - until now.
Bayern Munich manager Thomas Tuchel will seek to echo the spirit of 2021's Champions League-winning run with Chelsea in Wednesday's home quarter-final second leg against Arsenal. In Europe, Tuchel took PSG to the Champions League final, where they lost 1-0 to Bayern.
Manchester City are closing in on a second consecutive treble, yet Erling Haaland is still facing criticism as Real Madrid visit the Etihad on Wednesday aiming to exact revenge for their Champions League exit last season.The 14-time European champions were humbled 4-0 on their visit to Manchester 11 months ago at the semi-final stage as City went on to win the Champions League for the first time, along with the Premier League and FA Cup.
The Premier League said on Monday a speeded-up, "expedited" process will be put in place after Everton appealed against a two-point penalty imposed on the club for breaching financial regulations.The two-point punishment followed a previous six-point penalty imposed for the three-year period to 2021/22, reduced from 10 on appeal.
Kleiton Lima, a former coach of the Brazilian women's national football team, resigned Monday as manager of top-flight team Santos, the club said, after he faced player protests over accusations of harassment.During pre-match ceremonies over the weekend, footballers for several of Brazil's top women's teams put their hands over their mouths and ears to protest Santos's decision to re-hire Lima, who had stepped down last year after the club received 19 anonymous letters from players accusing him
Chelsea midfielder Cole Palmer scores four goals, which includes a hat-trick inside the first 29 minutes, as his side thrash sorry Everton.
Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino says he was "so upset" about the dispute over who would take the penalty in their 6-0 win over Everton and warns his players not to do it again.
Paris will welcome the world this summer, but France's distinctive relationship with religion means its own Olympic athletes will have a different dress code.
Preview followed by live coverage of Tuesday's Champions League game between Borussia Dortmund and Atletico Madrid.
Erik ten Hag’s relationship with his Manchester United squad is back under the spotlight after Alejandro Garnacho liked two social media posts criticising his own manager.
The noise from the away supporters in the Shed End was remarkably upbeat when Everton kicked off against Chelsea. These travelling fans are not stupid, they know all about the multi-pronged crisis enveloping their club. Many seemed to have taken the decision to begin drinking before lunchtime. Many did not return for the second half. As mentioned – not stupid.
Everton were really poor defensively, allowing Chelsea to take the lead with their first attack.  It was a case of what might have been for the Toffees who had gone close themselves minutes earlier but Beto, in for the injured Dominic Calvert-Lewin, could not divert Seamus Coleman's low cross on target when just a few yards out.  Beto also had a headed goal disallowed for offside with his side 3-0 down in the first half.
Dele Alli says he "can see the light at the end of the tunnel" and is targeting playing at the 2026 World Cup with England.
Think you know your Premier League players? Try naming this current or former footballer from these clues.
Pep Guardiola used to call Mauricio Pochettino’s Tottenham Hotspur side the ‘Harry Kane team’ and the Argentine now has the ‘Cole Palmer team’ at Chelsea.
Cole Palmer scored four goals to put Chelsea within touching distance of the Premier League's top six after a 6-0 win over Everton on Monday.In contrast to Palmer, Jackson has had an inconsistent first season at Chelsea but produced an excellent touch and finish to fire in his 13th goal of the season on the stroke of half-time.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Franklin star and Leyton Orient fan Daniel Mays to predict the outcome of this weekend's Premier League games.
VAR continues to be a hot topic in the Premier League week after week, leading to the PGMOL coming under increasing pressure while Uefa’s officials have also been criticised for their handling
Mauricio Pochettino said on Monday he will not accept seeing his players squabble over penalty duties after his biggest win as Chelsea boss was marred by teammates fighting to take a spot-kick.Palmer was adamant he will remain on spot-kicks but tried to play down the significance of the incident.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
"It's been brushed aside and I'm sure it won't happen again," Palmer said of the intra-team skirmish prior to Chelsea's penalty
