Joe Rogan has witnessed a lot in his time as a UFC commentator, but no knockout tops what Max Holloway did to Justin Gaethje at UFC 300.
Cody Garbrandt said the vertigo he experienced was so bad that he was at the hospital after UFC 300 until 4 a.m.
Max Holloway's iconic knockout of Justin Gaethje made him the man of the hour immediately after UFC 300.
Conor McGregor is making his return to the Octagon in June to fight Michael Chandler as the UFC 303 main event. Opening odds for the fight are out.
The long and winding road to booking Conor McGregor vs. Michael Chandler has finally come to an end. Here's what you need to know.
Marc Goddard was all of us as one of the most iconic knockouts in UFC history happened right before his eyes.
Arman Tsarukyan believes Charles Oliveira is "more dangerous" than current champion Islam Makhachev. The No. 1 contender explains.
Gegard Mousasi says PFL thinks he's "getting paid too much" and is trying to pressure him into taking less money by putting him on ice.
Jessica Andrade campaigned for a title shot after UFC 300.
Deiveson Figueiredo thinks he's done enough to earn a title shot.
On the latest episode of "Spinning Back Clique", the panel reacts to Max Holloway's insane KO win over Justin Gaethje at UFC 300.
Bo Nickal is ready for a step up in competition, and believes Anthony Hernandez is the right opponent.
After a big comeback performance at UFC 300, Jiri Prochazka knew exactly what he wants next.
Bobby Green takes umbrage with Paddy Pimblett's prior callout.
Jim Miller gives a health update following his tough loss to Bobby Green at UFC 300.
Dana White said after UFC 300 that he was worried about the company facing legal action, but he apparently can rest easy.
Jamahal Hill and Jiri Prochazka were once lined up to meet when the former was champ. Does the matchup make sense coming out of UFC 300?
We want your predictions for Friday's 2024 PFL 3 event in Chicago.
On "Spinning Back Clique," our panel discusses the fallout of UFC 300 including, Holloway's BMF win, McGregor's return, and more.
Check out the latest episode of MMA Junkie Radio with "Gorgeous" George and "Goze."
The Hawaiian capped off a masterful performance by putting Gaethje out cold to take his ‘BMF’ title
Conor McGregor is officially back. UFC confirmed the welterweight bout that will see the Irish...
Former UFC BMF Jorge Masvidal is upset over the non-negotiable terms Nate Diaz demanded for their upcoming boxing match.
'We'll deal with that Monday,' Dana White said about Arman Tsarukyan appearing to punch a fan during his UFC 300 walkout.
The pair will meet in a welterweight main event on 29 June, headlining International Fight Week
Alex Pereira knocks out Jamahal Hill in the first round to retain his light-heavyweight title at UFC 300 in Las Vegas.
Ireland's Conor McGregor will return after almost three years out against Michael Chandler at UFC 303 in Las Vegas.
UFC 300 was billed as the greatest night of fights in the history of combat sports. It delivered, and then some.
Conor McGregor is set to enter the Octagon for the first time in three years.
The UFC handed out bonuses in record amounts after Saturday's card, including a pair to an all-time legend.
Alex Pereira left no doubt he was the true light heavyweight champion in the main event, knocking out Jamahal Hill 3:14 of the first round Saturday night.  “That fight sucked the life out of everybody tonight," UFC President Dana White said.  The UFC — which had its third-highest gate at $16.5 million — awarded Holloway a $600,000 bonus for his performance.
Alex Pereira is a dangerous man.
Jalin Turner put Renato Moicano down at UFC 300. He just didn't make sure he stayed down.
Follow live updates from a stacked card involving Alex Pereira, Jamahal Hill, Justin Gaethje, Max Holloway, Charles Oliveira and more
All you need to know as the UFC stages one of its biggest events in recent years
It was a night of knockouts, submissions and the best facing the best. Here's how it all unfolded.
After 31 years, UFC 300 is shaping up to be a big milestone since “UFC 1: The Beginning” in 1993. For the main event, Brazilian Alex Pereira (9-2) is looking to defend his UFC Light Heavyweight Championship belt against American Jamahal Hill (12-1) at the top of the main card on Saturday, April 13. UFC …
As UFC 300 approaches, BBC Sport wants you to pick the greatest UFC fighter of all time.
Here's your quick primer for one of the best top-to-bottom cards in UFC history.
As anticipation builds for Saturday's UFC 300, the battle-scarred fighters all gathered on one stage Thursday, reminding fans that no one moves through this sport unscathed.
Kayla Harrison made the 135-pound weight limit required for her bantamweight bout at UFC 300 versus Holly Holm. It's the lowest weight at which she has ever fought.
Here's how to watch this weekend's PPV fight, UFC 300: Alex Pereira vs. Jamahal Hill.
The UFC president provided the update at Thursday’s press conference for UFC 300
The UFC typically hands out $50,000 bonuses to the athletes who produce the ‘Fight of the Night’ and any who secure standout finishes
UFC president Dana White says some fighters will receive $300,000 bonuses - an increase on the usual $50,000 - at UFC 300 on Saturday.
The ‘BMF’ champion defends his belt against Max Holloway at UFC 300, muddying the lightweight title picture
Jim Miller is set to become the only fighter to appear at UFC 100, 200 and 300 when he faces Bobby Green in the promotion's landmark event in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Jim Miller, who stands alone with 26 career victories, entered the media room Wednesday wearing a way-too-big UFC 100 jacket with his name on it.  Miller decided this week was a good occasion to bring that jacket out of the closet for the first time in 15 years.  “I think I started mentioning fighting on this card in 2020, maybe 2019, and we're here and I'm performing,” Miller said.
Rising Spanish lightweight Joel Alvarez has withdrawn for the third time in his four most recent UFC bookings.
In the fourth episode of UFC 300 "Embedded," Jamahal Hill gets autographs from the fighters on the card – including his champ opponent.
Jalin Turner needed to snap out of a rough patch a few months ago, and he did so with authority.
Check out our staff members' picks and analysis for PFL Week 2 in Las Vegas, featuring light heavyweights and lightweights.
For Dana White, the best is "Blessed."
Former UFC champ Jiri Prochazka was noticeably bothered by Aleksandar Rakic calling him a "fake Samurai."
Cody Brundage is the biggest underdog at UFC 300 – and the biggest underdog in UFC history. He's not intimidated.
UFC champ Zhang Weili sees some major improvements in Yan Xiaonan's overall game.
Charles Oliveira prefers to let his fighting do the talking, which is exactly his plan against Arman Tsarukyan at UFC 300.
Mark Coleman doesn't expect to wraps the BMF title around the Justin Gaethje vs. Max Holloway winner at UFC 300, but would happily do it.
Holly Holm respectfully isn't putting too much stock in Ronda Rousey's recent admission.
Glover Teixeira isn't concerned with Jamahal Hill reaching out to Israel Adesanya ahead of UFC 300.
The entire UFC 300 fight card with 26 athletes total will attend Thursday's pre-fight press conference in Las Vegas.
Jim Miller of Sparta will fight Bobby Green at UFC 300 on Saturday. Miller, 40, is UFC's iron man but has no plans to retire yet.
The first prelim of the night pits one former champion against another, kickstarting a card of stunning depth in Las Vegas
Justin Gaethje gave a very cold and very BMF answer when talking about the future at UFC 300 media day.
Alex Pereira shares his opinion on Jamahal Hill time off and return from injury ahead of UFC 300.
What Cody Garbrandt credits for reviving his career is exactly what he sees Deiveson Figueiredo lacking ahead of UFC 300.
Kayla Harrison shares how her cut to 135 pounds is going ahead of her UFC 300 bout against Holly Holm.
The highly anticipated UFC 300 has arrived! Here's all you need to know for the massive event this weekend in Las Vegas.
Arman Tsarukyan believes he'll get a title shot if victorious over Charles Oliveira at Saturday's UFC 300.
There's no formal title on the line between Aleksandar Rakic and Jiri Prochazka at UFC 300, but now there's an unofficial one.
Now that it's here, Jim Miller explains why UFC 300 meant so much to him – and reveals he went into UFC 200 with initial plan of retirement.
In the third installment of UFC 300 "Embedded," Max Holloway gets a VIP tour of the Raiders' Allegiant Stadium.
Win or lose at UFC 300, Renato Moicano remains Paddy Pimblett's No. 1 choice for his next opponent.
Jamahal Hill's coach sees a big advantage in the striking against UFC champ Alex Pereira.
Daniel Cormier simply doesn't see the upside to Islam Makhachev defending his UFC title in a rematch with Arman Tsarukyan.
Ali Abdelaziz sees UFC 300 as a definitive breakout moment for Kayla Harrison's career.
The way Max Holloway sees it, UFC champ Islam Makhachev should've fought in February when he had the chance.
Diego Lopes wants to finish Sodiq Yusuff at UFC 300 and send a message to the UFC featherweight division.
A former UFC bantamweight champion, will Aljamain Sterling find similar success a weight class higher? We discuss on "Spinning Back Clique."
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Exclusive interview: The collapse of the former champion’s rematch with Islam Makhachev has set up a new challenge, against Arman Tsarukyan
On this week's episode of "Spinning Back Clique," the panel discusses everything around Bo Nickal's fight at UFC 300.
With Alexander Volkov off UFC 302, Jailton Almeida now faces Alexandr Romanov in Newark, N.J.
Alex Pereira signed an autograph for UFC 300 opponent Jamahal Hill when the two fighters bumped into each other in Las Vegas.
UFC 300 is star studded, but Daniel Cormier is putting the spotlight on two fighters in particular.
Kayla Harrison's UFC moment has finally arrived. We break down what to expect in this week's "Spinning Back Clique."
Ian Machado Garry says he's done his part. Now it's up to Colby Covington to make their UFC fight official.
On the second episode of UFC 300 "Embedded," Kayla Harrison is in a calm state before a hectic fight week gets started.
Fight fans are about to get a heavy dose of Nate Diaz and Jorge Masvidal together in the same room.
Between the depth of the lineup and the power of the UFC brand, UFC 300 pretty much sells itself.
Alexander Volkanovski had a hard time picking between Justin Gaethje and Max Holloway but eventually settled on a winner at UFC 300.
Despite already being booked for another fight, Ihor Potieria will step in on short notice at UFC 301.
On this week's episode of "Spinning Back Clique," the panel discusses the UFC 300 lightweight action and how it affects the division's title picture.
A fight between Paulo Costa and Sean Strickland at UFC 302 sounds like a good idea, but apparently there's one issue.
Patricky Freire knows Clay Collard can bring it, but doesn't believe he's the most dangerous lightweight in the PFL.
Featherweight veterans Andre Fili and Cub Swanson will throw down at UFC 303 this summer.
Check out the latest episode of MMA Junkie Radio with "Gorgeous" George and "Goze."
Middleweight Chris Curtis revealed bad news about his suspected hamstring injury from the UFC Fight Night 240 main event.
