Following today’s racing tips? In need of some guidance? Or just fancy a flutter?
As Churchill Downs gears up for its Spring Meet, including Kentucky Derby 150, here's a look at the track's horse safety rules.
Between representing Amr Zedan and getting Track Phantom ready for the 2024 Kentucky Derby, Clark Brewster has had a busy spring leading up to May 4.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Grand Mo the First, including horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
The Grand National results for 2024 are below. The race was won by I Am Maximus, who went off as the 7/1 joint favourite. Corach Rambler, last year’s winner, unseated his rider at the first fence.
The 2024 Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs is rapidly approaching. What is the date? When is the start time? Horses? Odds? Outfits? What to know.
Here's what to know about the projected field for the 150th Kentucky Derby ahead of the draw scheduled for April 27 at Churchill Downs in Louisville.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Encino, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
I Am Maximus added the Grand National to his Irish National win last year to give trainer Willie Mullins his second victory in the world's greatest steeplechase at Aintree on Saturday.For owner JP McManus, whose several grand-children joined in the prize giving ceremony, it was his third victory.
It was 13th time lucky for Paul Townend as he steered I Am Maximus home with an exemplary ride to put his and trainer Willie Mullins’ mark on Grand National history.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender No More Time, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Mystik Dan, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Brilliant triumph for Willie Mullins-trained favourite at Aintree.
I Am Maximus confirmed his status as a favorite by pulling away late to win the Grand National on Saturday.  About a dozen horses looked to be in contention as they cleared the final hurdle but none could match the finish of I Am Maximus, who had gone out as the joint favorite at 7-1 and pulled well clear on the final section.  The result delivered a first Grand National win for jockey Paul Townend and a second for trainer Willie Mullins.
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) -I Am Maximus romped to a stunning victory in the Grand National steeplechase on Saturday as trainer Willie Mullins continued his dominant jump-racing season.  But 7-1 joint-favourite I Am Maximus, owned by JP McManus and ridden by Irish jockey Paul Townend, produced a devastating burst of speed to leave the field trailing in his wake.  Delta Work (28-1) was second with Minella Indo, ridden by Rachael Blackmore, in third place.
The 2024 Grand National is this afternoon and for many that means it is time to pick a winner.
The Aintree Festival started on Thursday, building up to the 176th running of the Randox Grand National this afternoon. You can follow our live coverage of the Grand National all day – the first race went off at 1.20pm
After a 15-year MLB career, Jayson Werth will have a presence on horse racing's biggest stage. His horse, Dornoch, is in the 2024 Kentucky Derby field
Runners, riders, trainers, form and odds - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Last year's winner Corach Rambler is among the leading contenders for Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
The Grand National has a knack for turning up a winner with an entertaining backstory and did so again when Corach Rambler took the title in 2023. In finishing first, the 8-1 favourite turned 21-year-old Cameron Sword into the youngest winning owner in the race’s long history. Scroll down for the full results from 2023.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Society Man, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Deterministic, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Jonbon completes a treble for owner JP McManus on day two of the Grand National meeting at Aintree.
Gina Andrews can make racing history and become the first female amateur jockey to win the Randox Grand National when she teams up with Latenightpass, the horse bred by her mother-in-law Pippa Ellis and a first runner as a professional trainer for her husband Tom Ellis, at Aintree on Saturday.
Trainer Joe Tizzard expects the "tide will turn" next year on the number of of English entries at the Grand National.
Rachael Blackmore, who won the Grand National aboard Minella Times in 2021, is back for more this year, riding Minella Indo in Saturday’s showpiece.
The 2024 Grand National is tomorrow and for many that means it is time to start the process of finding the winner.
Trainer Tom Ellis talks to BBC Sport about Latenightpass, the Grand National hope ridden by his wife Gina Andrews.
A reduced field, due to a safety review, of 34 will contest the world's greatest steeplechase The Grand National on Saturday at Aintree racecourse.   
Kitty's Light
He just sneaked into the final field of 34 and comes alive in the Spring, a hat-trick of excellent wins last year, including the Scottish Grand National, attesting to that.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Catalytic, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Just a Touch, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Paul Townend and Impaire Et Passe survive a stewards inquiry to win the Aintree Hurdle at the Grand National meeting.
The Aintree Festival, and the 176th running of the Randox Grand National, is almost upon us.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Dornoch, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Resilience, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
It is quite an achievement for a horse to win at both the Cheltenham Festival and Aintree’s three-day Grand National meeting and two horses are in with a chance of that in Liverpool on Thursday.
The 2024 Grand National is almost upon us and for many that means it is time to start the process of finding the winner.
A wholesale raft of welfare changes debut in Saturday’s Grand National to give it a 21st century look, but there is one theme in the 176th running that is as old as the race itself: the owner-rider.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Stronghold, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Sierra Leone, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
A Minnesota legislative panel prepared Monday to ban historical horse racing (HHR), a swift rebuke to the Minnesota Racing Commission's vote just one week ago to legalize the casino-style games. "I think the Racing Commission took an unlawful action last week and this bill reverses that," said Rep. Zack Stephenson, DFL-Coon Rapids, as he introduced his bill to the House Commerce Committee on ...
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender T O Password, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Kentucky Derby contender Honor Marie, including the horse's trainer, jockey and what they're saying.
