Young will reportedly continue to coach the Suns throughout the playoffs.
The Warriors have spent all season cajoling the very best out of Andrew Wiggins, and if they have any hope of making noise in the NBA postseason, they'll need him to step up, beginning Tuesday in Sacramento.
Blake Griffin, a six-time NBA All-Star and the 2010-11 Rookie of the Year, announced his retirement from basketball on Tuesday.
Griffin played for the Pistons, Nets, and Celtics, but spent more than half his career with the Lob City Clippers.
Before John Sterling became the voice of the Yankees, the legendary broadcaster had a front-row seat to an epic Larry Bird performance, writes John Tomase.
As a rising crop of young stars lead their teams into the NBA postseason, the league’s old guard are thriving past their sell-by dates – and none more than the Lakers’ ageless superstar
Draymond Green knows the Warriors must slow down De'Aaron Fox and Domantas Sabonis, so he's looking internally for the two biggest keys to the Warriors beating the Kings on Tuesday night.
Why did the C's extend Jrue Holiday's contract for four more years? Brad Stevens explained Tuesday what the veteran guard brings to Boston on and off the court.
The introduction of the NBA’s Player Participation Policy (PPP) in September led to a step in the right direction when it comes to stars playing more games. One intention of the policy was to reduce “load management,” or players resting for minor injuries despite being capable of playing. Between the 2017-18 and 2022-23 seasons, the …
Is Derrick White next in line to land a contract extension from the Celtics? Here's what Brad Stevens had to say about the talented guard Tuesday.
The NBA's play-in tournament begins Tuesday in the Western Conference. Who wins? Our writers make their picks.
What schemes will Nick Nurse and Erik Spoelstra have in store for Wednesday's Sixers-Heat play-in tournament game?
The Bucks went 1-2 without Giannis to end the season. They'll need to do better when the playoffs begin.
The Thunder, Clippers and Rockets saw the biggest jumps in attendance this season.
We know the Knicks will face either the Sixers or Heat in the first round of the playoffs. Each team presents unique challenges for New York. They each also give New York specific advantages.
Draymond Green is no stranger to being criticized for podcasting during the postseason. On Monday, he had the perfect response to a member of Dub Nation.
We break down the first-round matchup between the Milwaukee Bucks and Indiana Pacers.
The Sixers or Heat could present a stiff challenge for the Celtics in the first round of the NBA playoffs. But Cedric Maxwell clearly isn't concerned.
We break down the first-round matchup between the Minnesota Timberwolves and Phoenix Suns.
Steve Kerr felt for Mike Brown after the Warriors eliminated the Kings from the 2023 NBA playoffs.
Fernandez is one of the league's top assistants and the coach of the Canadian national team headed to the Paris Olympics.
The Brooklyn Nets reportedly are planning to hire Sacramento Kings assistant Jordi Fernandez as its next head coach.
The Brooklyn Nets are reportedly prepared to hire Jordi Ferdandez, the Sacramento Kings' top assistant, as their new head coach.
The load Steph Curry carries for the Warriors is at its heaviest now, in his age-36 season.
GM Troy Weaver and head coach Monty Williams are keeping their jobs. At least for now.
Brandin Podziemski and Trayce Jackson-Davis are expected to see significant playing time Tuesday night’s NBA Play-In Tournament game at Golden 1 Center between the No. 10-seed Warriors and No. 9-seed Sacramento Kings.
Jayson Tatum and Jrue Holiday will represent the Celtics on Team USA during the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris.
Nick Nurse and the Sixers are gearing up to face the defending Eastern Conference champion Heat in the play-tournament.
Domantas Sabonis made history in the Kings' 121-82 win over the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday at Golden 1 Center.
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Luka Doncic round out the top three on this ballot.
Jonathan Kuminga could be the x-factor for the Warriors in their play-in matchup against the Kings on Tuesday.
The Celtics are the NBA's best team entering the playoffs, but plenty of challenges lie ahead. Here's a look at four of the biggest potential obstacles they could face.
The Celtics were historically great during the 2023-24 regular season, and Strat-O-Matic apparently saw it all coming.
After leading Oklahoma City to the No. 1 seed he is the odds of favorite to win the NBA award as well.
While it's been suggested the Lakers might want to lose Tuesday to avoid a first-round series against Denver, LeBron James and Co. focus on task at hand.
Embiid and the Lakers each appear poised to Advance
Knicks point guard Jalen Brunson capped off his tremendous 2023-24 regular season campaign by earning Eastern Conference Player of the Week honors for the fourth time this season.
The Detroit Pistons will hire an executive to oversee basketball operations after finishing the worst season in franchise history.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr confirmed Gary Payton II will miss Tuesday's NBA Play-In Tournament game against the Sacramento Kings at Golden 1 Center.
Vincent Goodwill and Bomani Jones preview the NBA Play-in Tournament, wonder how good Victor Wembanyama will be next year, and tell you their picks for some year-end awards.
With the fantasy basketball season in the books, Dan Titus looks back at how key rookies performed in the 2023-24 NBA season, and reveals where he'll draft them next season.
Here's a look back at a dominant regular season for the Celtics, including the NBA and team records they broke.
Check out the NBA's playoff matchups, series schedules, play-in games, and more.
After a 32-50 finish to the regular season, it’s time to take a look at the 2023-24 Nets and hand out grades for individual players, coaches and the team as a whole.
The NBA wrapped up its 78th regular season on Sunday that set the final seedings for the upcoming playoffs—only three of the 16 playoff seeds were locked in to start the day. The tight races and resurgence of several clubs helped the league set multiple records for single-season attendance. Total attendance reached 22,538,518—up 1.4% from …
While Antetokounmpo can seem superhuman, the average recovery for his calf strain would have him out a couple of games.
Rockets center Boban Marjanovic intentionally missed a free throw so Clippers fans at Crypto.com Arena would get free Chick-fil-A sandwiches.
Here's a final look at Yahoo Sports' rookie rankings for the 2023-24 season.
Boban also lost a jump ball to 6'0" Xavier Moon.
Move over Al Michaels and Johnny Most, we have a new Hall of Fame candidate in the announcing booth – all because Boban Marjanović wanted to give fans free chicken.  The Los Angeles Clippers lost 116-105 to the Houston Rockets in the final game of the NBA regular season on Sunday night, but LA fans still had plenty to celebrate.  Rockets forward Marjanović, a former Clipper and star of John Wick: Chapter 3, intentionally missed a free-throw late in the game to ensure the home crowd would receive free chicken sandwiches as part of a Chick-fil-A promotion.
Grayson Allen is getting paid after a breakout year in Phoenix.
This pushes Phoenix deep into the luxury tax, but they would have had no way to replace him.
How have the 2023-24 Celtics performed relative to expectations? Chris Forsberg dives back into his preseason predictions to find out.
9th seed to face Atlanta Hawks in play-in game on Wednesday at United Center
There are two clear favorites heading into the NBA playoffs. Frank Schwab breaks down the early action on the betting market.
Yahoo Sports takes a look at six players who stood out at the Nike Hoop Summit and are worth keeping tabs on in the upcoming 2025 and 2026 NBA Drafts.
Charlotte is casting a wide net looking for a replacement for Steve Clifford.
The league has forged close links to betting. But many worry about how such relationships will affect athletes and fans
Boban Marjanović is a man of the people.
Never in the league’s rich history was there a day like Sunday.
The postseason stage is set for Chris Paul to turn into the "Point God" and show exactly why the Warriors acquired him.
With the play-in tournament up next, Nick Nurse gave updates Sunday on the Sixers' injuries.
The Warriors and Kings are braced to take their rivalry to another level in their win-or-go-home NBA Play-In Tournament matchup on Tuesday.
The Celtics celebrated Mike Gorman Day at TD Garden with a 132-122 win over the Wizards. We share our takeaways as Boston looks ahead to the playoffs.
The play-in is stacked with stars this season: LeBron James, Stephen Curry and Joel Embiid among them.
The Kings have a chance to payback against the Warriors, the team that knocked them out of the NBA playoffs last year.
The Warriors made NBA history with their 10th-place finish in the Western Conference on Sunday.
The Knicks clinched the second seed in the Eastern Conference with Sunday's win, but they still have to wait and see who their first round opponent will be.
The Oklahoma City Thunder settle a historic contest for the top seed in the Western Conference on the final day of the NBA's regular season.
The Knicks, after a season marred by a rash of brutal injuries, weren’t going to run from any smoke or worry about ducking any potentially difficult postseason matchups.
Michael Wagaman delivers the takeaways from the Kings' blowout victory over the Portland Trail Blazers in the regular-season finale Sunday at Golden 1 Center.
Davis and head coach Darvin Ham are optimistic that Davis' latest injury won't sideline him for Tuesday's play-in game against the Pelicans.
The Warriors and Kings will meet Tuesday night in the Western Conference’s 9-vs.-10 play-in tournament game in Sacramento.
The West play-in games are stacked.
From a brutal 5-14 start that featured subpar shooting to season-ending injuries to multiple stress points that might’ve fractured other teams, the Bulls got tested
The Warriors are locked into the Western Conference's No. 10 seed and will face the Kings in the play-in game on Tuesday.
LeBron James finishes with 28 points, 11 rebounds and 17 assists as the Lakers rout the Pelicans, whom they'll play Tuesday in New Orleans for the seventh seed.
The Phoenix Suns clinched the Western Conference's No. 6 seed in the NBA playoffs with a win over the Minnesota Timberwolves, coupled with the Los Angeles Lakers defeating the New Orleans Pelicans.
The Thunder prevailed in a three-way race in the West with an emphatic season-finale win over the Mavericks.
With the fourth seed in the playoffs locked up, the big question for the Clippers will be if Kawhi Leonard is ready for first-round series vs. Dallas.
Despite their eighth consecutive win Sunday over the Nets, the Sixers wound up in the play-in tournament.
Play-in game versus Hawks on Wednesday at United Center to tip at 8:30 p.m.
The Warriors are resting Steph Curry and Draymond Green for their regular-season finale against the Utah Jazz at Chase Center.
Our crew followed Mike Gorman on Sunday as the legendary voice of the Celtics was honored during his final regular season game.
In what can only be described as an appropriate ending to a magical Knicks season, New York captured their 50th win and the East's second seed with a 120-119 overtime victory over the Chicago Bulls.
Philadelphia and Miami will be trying to come out of the play-in.
The Knicks go into the NBA playoffs as the Eastern Conference's No. 2 seed after a 120–119 win over the Chicago Bulls, coupled with the Milwaukee Bucks losing to the Orlando Magic.
Tyrese Maxey scored 26 points for a Philadelphia 76ers team that played without Joel Embiid and seemed poised for a spot in the play-in tournament following a 107-86 win over the Nets.
The Indiana Pacers are entering the postseason on a high note.
The Celtics honored legendary broadcaster Mike Gorman throughout Sunday's game vs. the Wizards. Watch the best moments from Mike Gorman Day here.
The Celtics played an emotional video honoring legendary broadcaster Mike Gorman during the final regular-season game of his 43-year career. Watch it here.
Celtics players thanked Mike Gorman with special shooting shirts before the final regular-season game of the legendary broadcaster's 43-year career.
Considering how much Detroit's owner agreed to pay Williams it's not likely he gets pushed out after one season.
Embiid was a surprise scratch for Sunday's season finale with a playoff berth at stake.
The Sixers scratched three players on Sunday afternoon shortly before their season finale vs. the Nets.
Mayor Michelle Wu has declared April 14 Mike Gorman Day in Boston to honor the legendary Celtics broadcaster as he concludes his 43rd and final season.
The game clock was inaccurately reset
Wembanyama averaged 21.4 points, 10.6 rebounds, 3.9 assists and an NBA-best 3.6 blocked shots per game.
Top basketball prospects from the U.S. and around the world put on a show at the Nike Hoop Summit on Saturday night.
The Lakers would ultimately win the game over the Grizzlies by a score of 123-120.
With one day of games left to be played, 15 of the 20 postseason spots remain undecided.
The Lakers played an extra 1 minute 6 seconds against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday after a timing error went unnoticed by the teams and referees.
Steve Kerr's voice was heard by NBA commissioner Adam Silver in regards to the league's declining foul calls.
Victor Wembanyama's rookie NBA season is finished. The San Antonio Spurs will sit him in Sunday's regular-season finale. Where does his first season rank among the league's greats?
Sixers rookie Ricky Council IV signed a hard-earned standard NBA contract on Saturday.
The Sixers know there's legitimate stakes this time for their season finale Sunday vs. the Nets.
Kings' associate head coach Jordi Fernandez and Suns associate head coach Kevin Young are the other finalists.
The NBA confirmed that De'Aaron Fox was not fouled on the final play in the Kings' loss to the Suns on Friday.
After defeating the Grizzlies on Friday while the Kings and Warriors lost, the Lakers can escape the 9-10 play-in game with a win Sunday in New Orleans.
Kings assistant coach Jordi Fernandez is one step closer to earning his first NBA head coaching role.
Former Milwaukee Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer is among the three reported finalists for the Brooklyn Nets head coach opening. Budenholzer won the NBA championship in 2021.
Here is how both the Warriors and Kings still can claim the Western Conference's No. 8 seed.
Here is how both the Warriors and Kings still can claim the Western Conference's No. 8 seed.
Tipoff time contingent on Philadelphia 76ers play-in seeding
Duke's Kyle Filipowski and G-League Ingnite's Matas Buzelis also threw their names in for the draft.
The Warriors very likely will rest key starters in Sunday's regular-season finale against the Jazz. But should they?
Steph Curry provided a positive update after rolling his right ankle late in the Warriors' loss to the Pelicans on Friday night.
