One day after landing its first transfer commitment in forward Zvonimir Ivisic, head coach John Calipari and the Arkansas basketball team has already lined up another big man visit for the near future.  Arizona transfer center Oumar Ballo will be making a visit to Fayetteville, HawgBeat has confirmed.  Ballo is coming off a trip to the Indiana Hoosiers, who are seen as the primary threat in his recruitment.
Bennett Stirtz - who played for Ben McCollum at Northwest Missouri State - announced that he has committed to Drake men's basketball.
Former four-star recruit with ties to Wisconsin basketball enters transfer portal
Xavier is hosting two transfer portal targets on visits this week.
Here's all the latest as Kentucky basketball coach Mark Pope adds players from the NCAA transfer portal, loses others to the 2024 NBA Draft and more.
Whenever Kansas basketball plays Kentucky next, it won’t be with John Calipari as the Wildcats’ head coach. Calipari left Kentucky for Arkansas.
Former Panther leaves Bradley after three seasons to take a shot with a Power 5 Conference squad
Funeral services have been announced for a legendary University of Dayton men’s basketball coach.
A University of Dayton guard and last year’s top three-pointer shooter in the nation has announced that he will enter the transfer portal.
Mason Gillis entered the transfer portal after helping Purdue reach the NCAA title game. On Monday night, he said a pro career also is an option.
Wagner joins a pair of freshmen teammates and several 5-star recruits leaving Kentucky after Calipari's exit.
The former Iowa star will now try and help revive the Indiana franchise along with last season’s No. 1 pick, Aliyah Boston.
That's one thus far, Shooter.
Former Bradley Braves star guard Connor Hickman chooses University of Cincinnati as his new basketball home.
Arkansas basketball and John Calipari have their first scholarship player, and it's a former Kentucky Wildcat from Croatia.
The Arkansas basketball team has received its first transfer commitment of the offseason, as Kentucky big man Zvonimir "Big Z" Ivisic has commited to the Razorbacks according to a report from Joe Tipton.
Kansas State continued their streak of landing transfer guards just moments after their official visit.  On Monday, UI-Chicago guard CJ Jones announced his commitment to K-State following a trip to Manhattan over the weekend.  Jones was a two-year starter for the Flames, starting 51 of his 63 games played.
Experts agree that Eric Musselman is a high-quality coach. This does not feel like a gamble by USC.
Kansas State basketball coach Jerome Tang has signed 6-5 guard CJ Jones, a transfer from Illinois-Chicago. He is the Wildcats' second portal pickup.
Jabri Abdur-Rahim is the son of Shareef Abdur-Rahim, the former college star at California and current president of the G League.
Tony Perkins is headed to an SEC program.
The 5-foot-7 guard from Kansas City, Kansas, averaged 7.3 points, 2.6 rebounds and 2.1 assists per game for the Badgers this season.
Big news! #GoBucks
The addition of Ajae Petty marks the second transfer to commit to Ohio State in the span of 24 hours.
Here's an examination of IU's needs, and some names to know as Mike Woodson's roster-building efforts accelerate in the transfer portal.
The 2024 recruiting class is in the books. Today we begin Rivals Rankings Week with a countdown of the 20 five-stars.
Cuonzo Martin's first transfer portal addition as Missouri State's men's basketball coach is a 6-foot-4 guard from Indianapolis.
Camden star DJ Wagner will be headed elsewhere to play basketball after one season at Kentucky.
CJ Jones Aaron Doster-USA TODAY Sports    Illinois-Chicago transfer CJ Jones has committed to Kansas State.Jones was in Manhattan for the weekend and announced his commitment following his official visit.
Mar 24, 2024; Memphis, TN, USA; Texas A&M Aggies forward Solomon Washington (13) claps as he defends during over time against the Houston Cougars in the second round of the 2024 NCAA Tournament at FedExForum.
Former five-star Dj Wagner is set to enter the transfer portal after one season at Kentucky.
Frankie Fidler has delayed his commitment announcement that was expected on Monday morning:
The McDonald's All-America has been in contact with newly hired UK coach Mark Pope, but is listening to other recruitment pitches.
Ohio State has landed a commitment from Kentucky center transfer Aaron Bradshaw after an official visit during the weekend.
On Monday, Iowa State officially announced the addition of three transfers to its roster.
Wisconsin basketball transfer portal target commits to Dayton
Hall has eight possible landing spots following two seasons at BYU.
Auburn basketball added a transfer who's likely to be a major contributor next season. Here's a dive into what JP Pegues is bringing to the Tigers.
Not great news for the Badgers:
Last year, the Big 12's commissioner mentioned the possibility of a 20-game schedule in league play. Bill Self said Thursday he doesn’t want that.
Here is how Marion-area college athletes fared during their winter sports seasons in 2023-24.
Kyle says remember the names of these Central Indiana freshmen who had an impact on the 2023-24 high school basketball season.
Pope’s introduction came two days after Kentucky hired him to replace John Calipari, a Hall of Fame coach who was hired by Arkansas on Wednesday.
Mark Pope wasn't Kentucky's first choice. But for the fans packing the stands at Rupp Arena Sunday, he was the right choice.
All five Indiana State players entered the transfer portal after Josh Schertz left for Saint Louis. Two of them found new homes — the same home.
Should Kentucky still be viewed as a blueblood? Traditionally, of course. But drastic changes in college sports raises question, Jason Williams writes.
The 6-foot-8 wing will give Rodney Terry some options in he rotation. Could more portal soon join the Longhorns?
Ahead of the star-studded 2024 WNBA Draft, Meghan McKeown outlines her picks and predictions.
Bradley basketball added the big man they wanted, 6-foot-10 center Corey Thomas from a junior college program Cowley College in Kansas.
Taliah Scott averaged more than 30 points per game in her senior year at St. Johns Country Day. She announced her new women's college basketball team.
Indiana State center Robbie Avila averaged 17.4 points and 6.6 rebounds this season for the Sycamores.
Lazar Djokovic, a 6-foot-10 forward from Serbia, played in 28 games last season as a freshman at Xavier.
A.J. Hoggard has committed to the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament, a sign he does not plan to return to Michigan State basketball.
© Evert Nelson/The Capital-Journal / USA TODAY NETWORK   Kansas State head coach Chris Klieman, quarterback Avery Johnson, and defensive back Marques Sigle met with the media today following K-State's practice.
K-State will have to get active in the transfer portal again after Mikeal Brown-Jones committed to Ole Miss.
Efosa will use a fifth year of eligibility, triggered by COVID, to remain with the Friars
LOOK: Former Wisconsin basketball guard visits a Big Ten rival
Freemantle missed all of last season after foot surgery.
BYU athletic director Tom Holmoe is faced with the almost-impossible task of replacing Mark Pope because the pool of candidates to coach basketball at BYU is extremely shallow.
Let the BYU basketball roster shakeup begin.
The Big 12 Conference’s Big 12 Mexico initiative was recently pushed back. Kansas basketball coach Bill Self reacted to that news Thursday.
Rick Pitino coached Pope to a 1996 national title with the Wildcats.
Both players should be first-round picks in June.
How will players currently on the roster react to the change? Who will stay and who may move on?
For the most part, when big college basketball jobs have come open recently, they’ve gone to someone other than the perceived grand slam. That's OK.
Kentucky athletic director Mitch Barnhart’s stunning decision to hire Mark Pope raises an obvious question: Is this really the best Kentucky could do?
Duke freshman sharpshooter declares for next step with Instagram message      Jared McCain takes a shot during a game this past season.  Rob Kinnan/USA Today Sports Images   Jared McCain is headed to the NBA in an expected departure after one season at Duke.
The hiring of Mark Pope at UK and Pat Kelsey at Louisville in the same offseason is a first for the modern era of college basketball in Kentucky.
The school announced the 51-year-old Mark Pope’s hiring but did not mention any contract details.
Pope posted a 110-52 record across five seasons in Provo
BYU Cougars head men’s basketball coach Mark Pope has reached a deal with Kentucky to become the school’s next head basketball coach.  Kentucky announced the deal on X Friday morning, writing, “Welcome home.”  “Mark Pope not only brings an impressive record in nine years as a head coach, but also a love of the University of Kentucky and a complete understanding of what our program means to the people of our state,” University of Kentucky athletics director Mitch Barnhart said in a statement.
Arkansas head coach John Calipari's coaching staff is starting to take shape, according to reports.
New Arkansas head coach John Calipari paid respects to Nolan Richardson in his introductory press conference.
Coach Hurley and staff found right players, taught the right strategies, and super-talented athletes played selflessly.
Kansas basketball coach Bill Self’s Jayhawks squad beat UConn during the 2023-24 season. The Huskies went on to win the national championship.
The BYU coach may have been a dark horse to get the job, but Wildcat fans are in for a pleasant surprise.
Mark Pope holds a 110-52 record at BYU. He has never won an NCAA tournament game.
