Michigan has been punished for NCAA violations involving its football program. Among the penalties are probation and recruiting restrictions.
The Michigan football program has been placed under a three-year probation and will get recruiting penalties and a fine by the NCAA. Here's why:
We previewed the USC spring game at The Voice of College Football.
Here is how Clemson currently fares across all major recruiting platforms.
Ohio State safety Cedrick Hawkins told a recruiting website he plans to enter transfer portal, which reopened on Tuesday.
Clemson Tigers Football: One noteworthy college football analyst describes Clemson coach Dabo Swinney and his program as a "transfer portal denier."
Will Campbell enters his junior season with high expectations.
The college football transfer portal reopened Tuesday morning, and the Tribune will track all of Missouri's inward and outward movement here.
The spring transfer window is open from April 16 to April 30.
The linebacker from Opelika is on his way out after spending one season on the Plains.
This Ohio-based signal-caller has the Gators in his final three. Will he pick the Orange and Blue?
Arkansas is left with two scholarship freshmen behind starter Taylen Green.
After the exits of Nick Saban and Jim Harbaugh, ESPN's Bill Connelly sees Kirby Smart as the clear favorite to be the top coach in defining the next decade of college football.
Three-star Je'rel Bolder took home Wide Receiver MVP honors Sunday at the Rivals Camp Series in Charlotte.
Could Clemson's offense turn it around in 2024?
The prospect is ranked as the No. 1 prospect in the state of South Dakota for the class of 2025.
Wisconsin football receives an early crystal ball to land 2025 LB Elliott Schaper
Dymere Miller is hoping to take the next step in his development at Rutgers.
Does Wisconsin need any more help at quarterback?
Four-star quarterback Husan Longstreet committed to Texas A over the weekend.
Elite quarterback recruit Ryan Montgomery has locked in his commitment date and will choose among Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina.
Ian Williams talks about why Rutgers football is getting an official visit.
With the spring transfer window open, The Dispatch is tracking all the additions and subtractions involving Ohio State's football program.
The spring transfer portal is open, so bookmark this page to keep up with all the additions and subtractions for Arkansas football.
Here's how Penn State football must reshape its offense to win bigger in 2024.
Elijah Crawford dives into his official visit set up for Rutgers football.
Defensive back Trystan Haynes (Oklahoma City, OK/ Carl Albert High School), the four-star prospect has officially accepted his invitation to the 2025 All-American Bowl.
The transfer portal will open up again on Tuesday, April 16th and two UNC football players will enter the portal.
Bryce Baker is yet another exciting quarterback prospect who'll play football for the North Carolina Tar Heels. He arrives before the 2025 campaign.
Redshirt freshman Billy Walton played in two games for Texas last season.
Who would you take first in the Blue and Gold draft?
The UNC basketball program has their eyes on a big Tennessee player in the transfer portal.
T.J. Bollers came to Wisconsin a touted outside linebacker. He played sparingly, moved to defensive end last season and now plans to transfer.
Colorado is losing some depth on the defensive line
Wisconsin may be losing a starter to the transfer portal
There were a number of nationally recruited prospects in attendance at Overtime OT7 week two in Dallas
Another look at the early betting lines for Clemson vs. Georgia 2024.
The spring transfer portal opened on April 16. Coach Gus Malzahn is tasked with replacing key losses at quarterback, receiver and linebacker depth on a team that finished 6-7 last season: QB Timmy McClain Vitals: 6-1, 196-pounds Resume: McClain, a three-star product from Seminole High School, strongly started his collegiate career when he signed with USF as part of their 2020 recruiting class. ...
Another spring leads to another search in the transfer portal for wide receiver help for Penn State.
The JT King Award is among those to be presented Saturday at the spring game. Texas Tech's coordinators named those who have made the biggest strides
Desert Edge may have to take further steps before the AIA Executive Board removes the probation status for the next school year.
Stanford lands a commitment from DB Lonnie McAllister
Texas Tech OC Zach Kittley got a taste of in-helmet communications during the Red Raiders' bowl game and approves of it possibly becoming permanent.
Penn State's leading WR from a year ago officially enters the portal after being away from the team.
Iowa State football coach Matt Campbell has intentionally made this the toughest spring.
Non-line-play needs for USC in the spring portal would include wide receiver and linebacker.
Bookmark this article to stay updated with Colorado's latest transfer portal activity
The Tigers could still use some help on defense entering the second transfer portal window.
Arkansas football quarterback Jacolby Criswell is reportedly headed for the transfer portal after just one season with the Razorbacks.
Tallahassee Democrat Sports Editor Jim Henry joins "The *State* of Florida Sports Podcast" to talk about Florida State's Garnet and Gold spring football game.
Four-star Jaylen McGill earned Running Back MVP honors Sunday at the Rivals Camp Series in Charlotte.
LSU QB commit Bryce Underwood remained the top overall recruit in On3's latest update.
Rodney Hill won't be suiting up for the Florida A&M Rattlers after all. The Florida State-to-FAMU transfer is re-entering the NCAA Transfer Portal.
The Longhorns are currently a few players over their scholarship limit, but Steve Sarkisian says the team will still explore portal options.
The 6-foot-1, 185-pounder threw for 2,712 yards and 25 touchdowns in 2023, when he helped St. Augustine reach the Class 3S state championship game.
The redshirt freshman, a part of the 2023 signing class, didn't see any action during the fall.
The spring transfer portal opens up Tuesday and here are 10 players for Colorado football and coach Deion Sanders to target.
How does Penn State's offense adjust to losing leading receiver KeAndre Lambert-Smith in NCAA transfer portal?
Travis Hunter is the best player in college football this spring, according to CBS Sports
The NCAA spring transfer portal opens Tuesday, and Alabama football won't be sitting on its hands.
Hester rushed for over 3,000 yards and 49 touchdowns as a Wyoming senior in 2022.
USC fans hope the 2024 LSU opener will be a lot like another SEC game from the Pete Carroll days.
Jedd Fisch and company reel in another offensive verbal commitment.
Steve Sloan, an All-American quarterback and national champion with Alabama football, has died. He was also a UA athletics director.
There is little doubt that Florida's DJ Lagway is a star in the making.
Kansas State football quarterback Avery Johnson has put in the work this offseason to become a respected leader of the Wildcats' offense.
In an exclusive interview with Texans Wire, former Michigan receiver Roman Wilson reveals his thoughts on former rival C.J. Stroud.
Four-star receiver Naeshaun Montgomery attended Alabama's spring game over the weekend.
According to PFF, Cedarius Doss only allowed 26 receptions on 51 targets for 236 passing yards while limiting opposing QBs to a 65.5 rating.
Steve Sloan, who coached Vanderbilt football to a winning season and the Peach Bowl in 1974, died Sunday.
The Cowboys adjusted the tight end and fullback responsibilities last year, and this year, they'll turn to new personnel.
New tight ends coach and recruiting coordinator Brian Wozniak is looking to reestablish Michigan State football's presence in his home state, Ohio.
All of college football has awaited April 15, the day that the NCAA Transfer Portal reopens for undergraduate players. Graduates can enter whenever.
Indiana football lands FCS All-American corner Cedarius Doss out of the transfer portal
Steve Sloan was dubbed 'Kid Coach' after he took over the Red Raiders in 1975. A year later, he led one of the great teams in school history.
Former Texas A&M head coach Jackie Sherrill says to bring on the Aggies-Longhorns feud, and Longhorn legend Colt McCoy says A&M should be careful.
The Michigan Panthers scored on six of their first seven drives to build a 20-point lead heading into the 4th quarter in the 34-20 win in UFL Week 3.
Spurrier went on Jacksonville sports radio with to weigh in with his prognostications for the team.
