The Bruins will learn their first-round playoff opponent Tuesday night. Here's a recap of all the potential scenarios entering the final game.
After Monday's 3-1 loss to the Minnesota Wild, the Kings' lead over Vegas in the battle for third place in the Pacific Division is down to a point.
The NHL playoffs begin Saturday with the Carolina Hurricanes the slight favorites to raise the Stanley Cup. The playoff opener will also mark the start of the NHL’s partnership with BodyArmor as the league’s new official sports drink partner. The agreement, which runs through the 2028-29 season, will have the brand integrated on benches during …
The Kings' chances of finishing third in the Pacific Division fall into peril with a 3-1 loss to Minnesota that keeps them just one point ahead of Vegas.
New York won for the fifth time in seven games and went 26-7-1 in their last 34 games
The Flyers need to win their final game in regulation and get some help to make the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Kyle Palmieri and Brock Nelson each had a goal and an assist and the Patrick Roy-led New York Islanders clinched one of the two remaining playoff berths in the Eastern Conference with a 4-1 victory over the New Jersey Devils on Monday night.
The Rangers beat the Ottawa Senators, 4-0, Monday night at Madison Square Garden, clinching the Presidents' Trophy for the most points in the NHL's regular season.
Pat and Charlie on why Blackhawks prospect Frank Nazar turning pro was the right decision for him, whether Kevin Korchinski could benefit from a stint in Rockford next season, and more.
With one game remaining for the Blueshirts, and two for the Islanders, here’s a look at their playoff clinching scenarios for this week…
Here are the updated first-round playoff scenarios for the Bruins entering the final week of the NHL regular season.
The Blackhawks fell to Carolina 4-2 on Sunday in the home finale, but Frank Nazar scored his first career NHL goal in his debut. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
Frank Nazar found the back of the net on the fourth shift of his NHL debut
The Kings and Ducks are heading in opposite directions, with the Kings focused on the playoffs and the Ducks trying to make sense of a 50-loss season.
The Kings defeat the Ducks 3-1 in the final game of the season between the two rivals and extend their lead over Vegas in the Western Conference.
With a 1-0 win Saturday night over the Devils and some help, the Flyers have kept their playoff hopes alive heading into Game 82.
The Arizona Coyotes will likely be sold to Utah Jazz owner Ryan Smith shortly after the team's final game and will include a provision reportedly guaranteeing current owner Alex Meruelo an expansion team if a new arena is built within five years.
With a 1-0 win Saturday night over the Devils, the Flyers have kept their playoff hopes alive for now.
Travis Konecny scored a short-handed breakaway goal and Samuel Ersson stopped 20 shots to keep the Philadelphia Flyers’ miniscule postseason hopes alive with one game left to play in a 1-0 win over the Devils on Saturday night.
Artemi Panarin scored the game-tying goal to help the Rangers come from behind to beat the Islanders 3-2 in a shootout on Saturday afternoon.
The Arizona Coyotes reportedly are relocating to Utah for the 2024-24 NHL season after the team was sold to Utah Jazz owners Ryan and Ashley Smith.
The Coyotes have been struggling for years to find a new arena.
The Blackhawks fell to Nashville 5-1 on Friday at the United Center in their second-to-last home game of the season. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
For the first time since being shut down in late January, Filip Chytil was back at Rangers practice on Friday after being medically cleared.
With the Flames facing three vulnerable teams, Andrei Kuzmenko is primed to pile on the offensive production. He leads our final pickups of the season.
The Flyers knocked off the Rangers, 4-1, Thursday night at Madison Square Garden, snapping their season-worst eight-game skid.
The latest news and possible return dates for injured Islanders players.
Kyle Palmieri scored the game-winner in overtime to propel the Islanders to their seventh straight victory, 3-2, over the Montreal Canadiens.
Bobby Brink scored the go-ahead goal early in the second period, Samuel Ersson made 24 saves and the Philadelphia Flyers snapped an eight-game losing streak with a 4-1 win over the New York Rangers on Thursday night.
San Jose Hockey Now's Sheng Peng spoke with Warriors director of sports medicine and performance Rick Celebrini about the possibility of his son Macklin being drafted No. 1 overall by the Sharks.
A "major concern" for John Tortorella is trying to find the right message to give his spiraling Flyers.
Word emerged Wednesday that the league has been working on contingency plans in case the Arizona Coyotes move this summer.
Landon Slaggert is officially on the board after he scored his first career NHL goal for the Blackhawks.
The Blackhawks were routed by St. Louis 5-2 on Wednesday at Enterprise Center. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
With the franchise’s future in the Phoenix area uncertain and an aggressive bidder lying in wait in Utah, the Arizona Coyotes are making the NHL pull its proverbial hair out once again. According to an ESPN report, the league has created two schedules for the 2024-25 season: one that assumes the franchise remains in Arizona …
Which goalie will start Game 1 of the playoffs for the Bruins? What will the fourth line look like? Check out our second postseason lineup projection.
The season's longest losing streak met the season's most embarrassing loss Tuesday night for the Flyers.
Bo Horvat had a goal and an assist, Noah Dobson added two assists and the Islanders used a three-goal first period to propel them to a 4-2 win against the Eastern-Conference leading Rangers on Tuesday night.
The Sharks have clinched a top-four pick ahead of the 2024 NHL Draft.
Head coach John Tortorella was honest Monday about the struggling Flyers not losing perspective on their "weird situation" in net this season.
With Connor Murphy close to returning, the Blackhawks reassigned defenseman Wyatt Kaiser to the AHL's Rockford IceHogs.
The Bruins have a real shot to finish as the No. 1 seed in the East, which opens up more potential opponents in the first round.
Corey Abbott offers up this week's undervalued waiver wire pickup suggestions, including Phillip Danault, who has notched three goals and three assists in his last 10 appearances.
Mika Zibanejad had two goals and an assist, Artemi Panarin had a goal and three assists, and the New York Rangers beat the Montreal Canadiens 5-2 on Sunday night.
Connor Bedard or Brock Faber? Insider Charlie Roumeliotis weighs in on the 2023-24 Calder Trophy debate after Chicago and Minnesota squared off for the final time this season on Sunday.
The Blackhawks were shut out for the 13th time this season after falling to Minnesota 4-0 on Sunday. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
San Jose Hockey Now's Sheng Peng spoke to numerous NHL scouts about the Sharks' top 10 prospects from the 2023-24 season.
The Flyers were blasted by the Blue Jackets, 6-2, Saturday night, falling out of playoff position with their seventh straight loss.
Semyon Varlamov had a season-high 41 saves for his third shutout of the season, and the Islanders beat the Nashville Predators 2-0 Saturday night, getting a crucial win in their playoff push.
Brendan Smith had a goal and two assists and the Devils snapped a three-game losing streak by holding on for a 4-3 win over the Ottawa Senators on Saturday night.
The Bruins have just a couple games left in the regular season to fix their power-play woes before the playoffs.
The Bruins are now the overwhelming favorites to win the division after sweeping their season series with the Panthers.
Jim Montgomery talked before Saturday's Bruins-Panthers game about what a goalie rotation could look like in the playoffs for his team.
NBC Sports Chicago and the Blackhawks hosted the first-ever local animated real-time sports telecast for their contest against the Stars on Saturday. There were a lot of fun moments from the telecast, which aired on the NBC Sports Chicago PLUS channel. From Connor Bedard’s goal to Chris Vosters and Dominic Moore’s animated hosting, it was a fun, family-friendly broadcast. If you...
The Blackhawks won their third straight home game after beating Dallas 3-2 on Saturday. Here are 10 observations from the win.
Wondering what it will look like when the Blackhawks-Stars game goes animated this weekend?
The Flyers fell to the Sabres, 4-2, Friday night as their late-season spiral reached a sixth straight loss.
Chris Kreider scored the go-ahead goal on a power play midway through the third period and the Eastern Conference-leading Rangers beat the Detroit Red Wings 4-3 on Friday night.
For almost 22 months, Sean Couturier didn't play a regular-season game because of two back surgeries. On Friday, 70 games into his comeback season, the Flyers' captain was nominated for the Masterton Trophy.
The Bruins are closing out games much more consistently right now, which is pretty encouraging with the playoffs starting later this month.
The team hopes to buy the 110-acre (445,154 square meter) plot of land on Northwest corner of Scottsdale Road and the Loop 101 in north Phoenix and build a privately funded arena.
The Sharks vs. Los Angeles Kings game Thursday night isn't the matchup it used to be a decade ago, but it provided hope that things can get back to that level of competition soon.
Evan Berofsky offers some motivated, and widely available, players to help you in the home stretch of the fantasy hockey playoffs, beginning with Vladimir Tarasenko in Florida.
PHOENIX — For the Arizona Coyotes, this is their last stand. There will be an auction on June 27 for the club to buy a 95-acre parcel of untreated Arizona state trust land in North Phoenix on which the Coyotes can build a state-of-the-art arena; the starting appraisal price for the site is $68.5 million. …
The Islanders picked up a huge win over the Blue Jackets on Thursday night to jump back into the final Wild Card spot in the Eastern Conference.
Flyers head coach John Tortorella has not lost faith in rookie goalie Samuel Ersson, who has been pulled from three of his last 10 starts.
Chris Kreider and Kaapo Kakko scored in the third period to help the Rangers pull off a 4-3 come-from-behind win over the New Jersey Devils.
Bruins goalie Linus Ullmark deserves to have the edge in the battle to start Game 1 of the playoffs after a great performance Tuesday.
Michael Finewax advises looking beyond Andrei Svechnikov in the last two weeks of the regular season to find a player who is producing. The forward leads our drops this week.
Bo Horvat and Simon Holmstrom scored in the third period to help the New York Islanders top the Chicago Blackhawks 2-1 on Tuesday night.
The Blackhawks gave up two third-period goals and fell to the New York Islanders 2-1. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
Evgeni Malkin and Sidney Crosby each scored twice in Pittsburgh’s five-goal third period as the Penguins kept their playoff hopes alive, rallying for a 6-3 win over the New Jersey Devils on Tuesday.
Goaltender isn't the only spot in the lineup where the Bruins have some question marks ahead of the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Ivan Fedotov provided a spark Monday night in relief but the Flyers suffered another costly loss, their fifth straight. John Tortorella challenged his team after the OT decision.
Ivan Fedotov provided a spark Monday night in relief but the Flyers suffered another costly loss, their fifth straight.
Tuesday’s Yahoo DFS offering consists of an eight-game slate, including the Wild hosting Ottawa.
The Islanders blew another late lead, but Brock Nelson's overtime goals helped them open a big month of April with a 4-3 win over the Flyers.
The Rangers were defeated by the Pittsburgh Penguins 5-2 on Monday night, snapping their winning streak at five games.
Rangers' Jonathan Quick recorded the 392nd win of his career Saturday afternoon against the Arizona Coyotes, giving him the most amongst an American-born goaltender in NHL history.
Pat Maroon is making good progress in his return from back surgery and hopes to make his Bruins debut before the 2024 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Check out some low-rostered players who could offer big production in the fantasy hockey week ahead.
The latest news and possible return dates for injured Rangers players.
The Bruins are still in the mix for the Presidents' Trophy and division title, but to finish first in either of these races, they'll need to overcome a tough remaining schedule.
The 26-year-old joins a group of eight NHL players to have multiple 60-goal seasons.
Considering the circumstances, this was a brutal loss for the Flyers. They stumbled to the Blackhawks, 5-1, Saturday night at the Wells Fargo Center.
Steven Stamkos reached the 30-goal mark for the ninth time in his career and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the New York Islanders 4-1 on Saturday night to extend their point streak to nine games.
The Blackhawks bounced back with a 5-1 win over the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday. Here are 10 observations from the victory.
New goalie Ivan Fedotov embraced the day Saturday and his Flyers teammates embraced his arrival.
Saturday's best NHL DFS options on Yahoo include Owen Tippett as the Flyers host a struggling Chicago squad.
Tage Thompson scored four times, including the go-ahead goal with 4:34 remaining, and the Buffalo Sabres beat the Devils 5-2 on Friday night to put a dent in New Jersey’s late-season playoff push.
Ivan Fedotov, a 27-year-old goalie prospect, saw his long and difficult journey finally reach the Flyers on Friday. So what's next?
Internally, the expectation is the franchise’s first championship since 2011, but the status of being the team to beat isn’t there.
The Bruins have claimed a playoff spot for an NHL-leading eighth consecutive season.
JJ Peterka and Bryan Rust lead our top forwards to pick up in fantasy hockey this week. Open for the full list of adds.
Artemi Panarin and Vincent Trocheck scored shootout goals, Igor Shesterkin made 38 saves through overtime and two more in the shootout to lead the NHL-leading New York Rangers to a 3-2 win over the Colorado Avalanche.
The Flyers looked off for two periods Thursday night and it cost them in a 4-1 loss to the Canadiens at Bell Centre.
Semyon Varlamov made 27 saves and Jean-Gabriel Pageau scored the go-ahead goal midway through the second period to help lift the New York Islanders past the Florida Panthers 3-2 on Thursday night.
The Blackhawks were shut out for the 12th time this season after losing to Ottawa 2-0 on Thursday. Here are 10 observations from the loss.
There was reasonable doubt last summer about Ivan Fedotov ever joining the Flyers' picture in North America. But now, perhaps there's some hope.
Andrei Vasilevskiy is having a down season for the Lightning, but the veteran goalie's playoff pedigree could be an advantage for Tampa Bay in a playoff series vs. Bruins.
With the first week of the fantasy hockey playoffs in full swing, there just isn't much benefit to holding onto these injured players.
The Bruins are capable of making a deep playoff run, and the effort, resiliency and toughness they showed in Tuesday's win vs. the Panthers is proof.
Adam Fox scored 36 seconds into overtime and the New York Rangers became the first NHL team to clinch a playoff spot this season, beating the Philadelphia Flyers 6-5 following a wild third period Tuesday night.
Landon Slaggert recorded his first multi-point outing in the NHL on Tuesday, and he nearly scored twice, too, in the Blackhawks' win.
The Flyers couldn't nail down a 2-0 lead and suffered a whacky, stomach-turning, 6-5 overtime loss Tuesday night to the Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
The Blackhawks knocked off the Calgary Flames 3-1 on Tuesday at the United Center. Here are 10 observations from the win.
Adam Fox scored 36 seconds into overtime and the New York Rangers became the first NHL team to clinch a playoff spot this season.
Nico Hischier had a goal and two assists, Jake Allen made 42 saves and the New Jersey Devils beat the Toronto Maple Leafs 6-3 on Tuesday night.
The Flyers couldn't nail down a 2-0 lead and suffered a whacky, stomach-turning, 6-5 overtime loss Tuesday night to the Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
For the third straight season, the Rangers will be in the postseason after they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers on Tuesday night.
John Tortorella apologized Tuesday to Felix Sandstrom and in his media availability for his non-answer during a postgame press conference two days ago.
Tuesday's top NHL DFS options on Yahoo include Alexandar Georgiev as the Avalanche welcome the Canadiens to Colorado.
The 22-year-old grew up in the Phoenix area, where his dad spent 21 seasons with the Coyotes - most of those as captain.
Jim Montgomery gave perhaps the most candid press conference of his Bruins tenure Monday after a lackluster start to practice.
The Chicago Blackhawks and NBC Sports Chicago on Monday announced a collaboration with the NHL to bring fans the first-ever local animated real-time sports telecast. The alternate presentation will take place on Saturday, April 6 at 2:30 p.m. (CT), airing on NBC Sports Chicago Plus (NBCSCH+) as the Chicago Blackhawks face off against the Dallas Stars. Game day coverage on NBCSCH+ gets underway with a special edition of Blackhawks Pregame Live at 2:00 p.m.
Start the fantasy hockey week right with these pickups, led by a productive defenseman on the Maple Leafs.
Here's an updated look at the intense race for the Presidents' Trophy and which teams the Bruins could play in the first round of the playoffs.
Monday’s Yahoo NHL DFS contest features the Blues hosting the Golden Knights.
Coming off the emotional high of beating Boston, the Flyers had a letdown Sunday night with a 4-1 loss to the Panthers at the Wells Fargo Center.
