Lady Vols' head coach Kim Caldwell announces Tennessee basketball staff.
Purdue women's basketball gets defensive upgrade with latest addition from transfer portal.
Lady Vols star forward Rickea Jackson was picked No. 4 overall by the Los Angeles Sparks in 2024 WNBA draft on Monday.
Dyaisha Fair’s WNBA dream came true Monday.
Lady Vols star forward Rickea Jackson was picked No. 4 overall by the Los Angeles Sparks in 2024 WNBA Draft on Monday.
Kim Caldwell is hiring two SEC assistants, Roman Tubner and Gabe Lazo, on her Lady Vols staff, according to a report Monday.
Purdue women's basketball has netted a transfer portal commitment as former Stephen F. Austin guard Destini Lombard
All-ACC forward cashes in COVID-exemption year to come back for a fifth season for the Irish women's basketball team.
Former Lady Vols assistant Joy McCorvey landed her first head coaching job at Stony Brook, the school announced Monday.
Former Duck guard and Ohio native Chance Gray has committed to Ohio State after entering the transfer portal earlier this month.
Gray is Ohio State's first commit from the transfer portal this offseason.
Hagemann started 72 of the 82 games she appeared in for the Spartans and earned second team All-Big Ten honors as a junior.
The class features seven nationally ranked women’s basketball prospects, speaking to the overall growth of the sport in Oklahoma.
OSU women’s basketball star Raegan Beers announced her plans to enter the transfer portal after the Beavers finished in the NCAA Tournament Elite 8.
AP   PROMO: Join BeaversEdge.com and get 30 DAYS FREE!MORE: WATCH: Defense Talks Day 10 | Spring Video Day 10 | Trent Bray Talks Martinez Departure | OSU Baseball Previews Stanford | Adlee Blacklock Enters PortalThe Oregon State women's basketball team has now seen six players depart since the conclusion of the season as sophomore guard Lily Hansford announced on Twitter Thursday that she would be entering the portal.
CORAL GABLES — With record-breaking viewership for the NCAA Tournament and long lines stretching to see stars like Iowa’s Caitlin Clark, Tricia Cullop knows women’s basketball is having a moment in popular culture. After 16 years of coaching at Toledo, she is coming to Miami to try to bring that energy to South Florida. “You see what’s happening nationally in women’s basketball, and we want ...
From ZaKiyah Johnson of Sacred Heart Academy to Logan Palmer of Randall K. Cooper High School, meet The Courier Journal's All-State girls basketball first team.
Oregon State WBB has seen three players enter the transfer portal following the conclusion of the season...
From ZaKiyah Johnson of Sacred Heart Academy to Leah Macy of Bethlehem High School, meet The Courier Journal's All-State girls basketball first team.
The University of Iowa will retire Caitlin Clark’s No. 22 jersey, the school announced on Wednesday.
Notre Dame senior forward Nat Marshall (15) has entered the transfer portal as a grad transfer. Michael Caterina, Associated Press   With a college basketball career that started with a protracted layoff from an ACL tear, Notre Dame forward Nat Marshall battled to find a meaningful role with the Irish, finally emerging as a key reserve throughout and then an emergency starter late in her senior season.
Future Iowa State women's basketball player Aili Tanke showed she's ready to contribute at the college level by winning a national 3-point contest.
In a season of thrilling competition and inspiring performances, University of South Carolina Women's Head Coach, Dawn Staley, and University of Connecticut Men's Head Coach, Dan Hurley, have secured monumental victories.  Dawn Staley, the celebrated head coach of the University of South Carolina women’s basketball team, has once again led her squad to the pinnacle of college basketball by securing her third National Championship.  Staley's exceptional track record and dedication to her team make her one of the most respected figures in college sports.
