Britain's Lizzie Deignan says she has been "told to push through pain" to get mobility back after breaking her arm.
Britain's Lizzie Deignan says she is grateful the Women's Tour of Britain is set to return, with Wales hosting the opening two stages.
Great Britain's Katie Archibald wins the omnium on day three of the Track Nations Cup in Canada to claim her third gold of the event.
Britain's Tom Pidcock makes a strong finish to the Amstel Gold Race on Sunday to win the prestigious one-day classic for the first time.
Ineos Grenadiers owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe says accidents in road cycling are "a common occurrence".
Sir Jim Ratcliffe has called on cycling to urgently address safety issues after a series of horror crashes.
It's lost 10mm of fork travel but will the new Yeti SB165 be a ready-for-anything, MX wheeled masterpiece?
Wout van Aert will not take part in this year's Giro d'Italia as he continues to recover from injuries sustained in a crash last month.
Not to be left out, Liv also launches an upgraded Intrigue X with the same hard-hitting trail nature. Plus there's updates to Giant's alloy and carbon trail wheels
The bike gets a complete reimagining as Mondraker move it into a new category
The Canadian brand also switches from the Shimano EP8 motor to Bosch Performance Line CX
The Red Bull racing TV six-part series reveals the rivalry, and drama of an intense MTB season – setting armchair fans up perfectly for this weekend's 2024 XC World Cup opener
Rising British star Josh Tarling was disqualified from Paris-Roubaix on Sunday for taking an illegal tow from his Ineos Grenadiers team car following a puncture. But there was better news for team-mate and compatriot Tom Pidcock who finished a highly creditable 17th on his senior debut just days after a heavy crash.
World champion Mathieu van der Poel defends his Paris-Roubaix title with a stunning solo ride to win in record time.
World champion Lotte Kopecky wins the women's Paris-Roubaix for the first time as Britain's Pfeiffer Georgi finishes third.
The ‘Hell of the North’ is predictably unpredictable but Van der Poel starts as a major favourite for the men’s race, while there could be double Dutch delight with Marianne Vos a major contender in the women’s race
Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard suffered a collapsed lung in Thursday's crash in the Itzulia Basque Country race.
Two-time defending Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard suffered a collapsed lung in the horror crash in the Tour of the Basque Country on Thursday which also took out fellow top riders Remco Evenepoel and Primoz Roglic.
Our expert tester Guy Kesteven reviews mountain bikes of all prices and knows exactly what makes a big difference to your ride now and upgrade potential in the future. Here are his five essential items to look for when buying a budget mountain bike
Mountain biking has been surrounded by naming controversy literally since it started, But as we head into another season of working out what different race and bike categories actually mean. In this week's Bespoken Word column, Guy Kesteven reckons it’s time to get the Harry Potter Sorting Hat out again
Two-time defending Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard remained hospitalized in Spain on Friday, one day after he broke his collarbone and several ribs in a bad crash with other top riders during a chaotic Tour of the Basque Country.  The Danish rider’s Visma-Lease A Bike team said further tests revealed that Vingegaard also sustained a collapsed lung and a pulmonary contusion during the crash in Thursday's fourth stage.  The team said cycling’s leading rider was “stable and had a good night” but remains in a hospital in the northern Spanish city of Vitoria.
Defending Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard is in hospital after suffering a horror crash during stage four of the Tour of the Basque Country on Thursday.
Reigning Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard suffers a broken collarbone and several broken ribs in a crash at the Itzulia Basque Country stage race.
Two-time Tour de France winner Jonas Vingegaard of Denmark sustained injuries in what his team called a "nasty crash."
Often overlooked, a simple change in bar height can be a cost-effective way of altering your position or the feel of your bike, but how much difference does it actually make? I decided to find out...
New 8-speed components bring Linkglide, 1x, and wide-range cassettes to Shimano's entry-level systems. Plus small hands benefit from a new Cues short-reach shifter and brake lever
British rider Tom Pidcock withdraws from the 2024 Itzulia Basque Country stage race after a crash in training.
Dutch rider Mathieu van der Poel wins his third Tour of Flanders, while Italy's Elisa Longo Borghini claims her second women's title.
Belgium’s Wout van Aert has been ruled out of this Sunday’s Tour of Flanders and next Sunday’s Paris-Roubaix after breaking his collarbone and “several ribs” in a huge crash at Dwars door Vlaanderen on Wednesday.
The latest MTB saddle from Specialized carries an eye-watering $450 price tag but promises some butt pleasing tech too
Great Britain deliver their best world championship medal haul with 31 at the UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships.
Tadej Pogacar completes a dominant overall victory at the Volta a Catalunya while Mads Pedersen triumphs at Gent-Wevelgem.
Jody Cundy wins his 15th consecutive world title in the C4 1km time-trial at the UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships in Rio de Janeiro.
Neil Fachie won the 20th title of his career at the Para-cycling Track World Championships - two days after being mugged in Rio de Janeiro.
Great Britain's Archie Atkinson claims gold in the men's C4 individual pursuit at the Para-cycling Track World Championships, the last major event before the Paris 2024 Paralympics.
Lora and Neil Fachie and pilot Corrine Hall were "mugged" and had their silver medals stolen after the opening day of the Para-Cycling Track World Championships in Rio.
Daphne Schrager & Kadeena Cox win world titles at the Para-cycling Track World Championships in Rio de Janeiro.
Featuring futuristic vibes they are named after classic cycling routes across the globe
It's not the lightest lightweight electric MTB, but the Canadian brand's Fluid VLT still has plenty of appeal
Two-time Paralympic cycling champion Lora Fachie says becoming a mother has challenged her as an athlete in new ways.
Available in three builds and prices starting at under five grand, the S.170 shares similar features to its award-winning carbon-framed siblings
The Belgian superstar has committed his future
Dame Laura Kenny believes Welsh cyclist Emma Finucane can become the first woman to win three gold medals at a single Olympic Games this summer.
Dame Laura Kenny’s dad Adrian arrives first, laden with nappy bags and pushing a baby buggy. He looks a little frazzled, truth be told. You can hardly blame him. It has been a long day, starting at 6am when his daughter, Britain’s most successful female Olympian of all time, announced via social media that she was retiring from competitive cycling with immediate effect, ruling out a tilt at the Paris Games this summer and prompting an outpouring of love and affection for one of this country’s ge
Kenny won five Olympic gold medals in a glorious career on the track but will not compete at Paris 2024 after announcing her immediate retirement from the sport
Dame Laura Kenny, Britain's most successful female Olympian, announces her retirement from cycling.
