The purse at the RBC Heritage is $20 million with $3.6 million going to the winner.
Twenty-seven conferences will offer up automatic bids to their champions this year.
Rory McIlroy says he will play on the PGA Tour "for the rest of my career" as he quashes rumours of him making a big-money move to LIV Golf.
McIlroy says he's never even considered joining LIV Golf.
Rory McIlroy rubbished reports linking him with a move to LIV Golf on Tuesday, vowing to remain a PGA Tour player for the rest of his career."I'm here today and playing a PGA Tour next week and I'll play the PGA Tour for the rest of my career."
Fowler divulged the due date to Golfweek.
"I think I've made it clear over the past two years, I don't think it's something for me."
McIlroy talked to Golf Channel's Todd Lewis Tuesday at the PGA Tour's RBC Heritage.
Not even the the Masters is immune to golf's declining viewership.
Kent Jesperson's work in elevating the event, and senior golf in general, resulted in this year’s Challenge Man of the Year award.
As Texas version of the LPGA major that used to be in Rancho Mirage reaches year two, it's still shows differences and similarities to the classic
The desire for a reunified golf world is widespread, but right now it's not close to happening.
Thomas Bjorn will again serve as a deputy to Europe team captain Luke Donald at next year's Ryder Cup against the United States in New York.The tournament, in September next year, will be the sixth time Bjorn has served as a vice captain and his 10th involvement in a Ryder Cup overall after representing Europe in three tournaments as a player.
Korda is the first player to enter a major coming off four wins in consecutive starts since Annika Sorenstam did so between the end of the 2004 season and the start of 2005.
The 38th season of the Heart of Ohio Junior Golf Association will tee off in June for Marion-area golfers between the ages of 9 and 18.
#Raiders legend Tim Brown told @EdEastonJr about his "bona fide, from-the-gut hatred" for the #Chiefs in a recent interview.
There's winning and then there's winning at the right time. Scheffler is doing both.
Surprisingly, the creator said, developing this skill is easy.
Holmdel's Sirina Ganne win the Monmouth County title, as the Hornets won the team title, while Pinelands freshman Mia Martinez, Southern won Ocean County.
This 88th Masters meant different things for different people. Here's whose stock is up, and whose is down, after the latest 72 holes around Augusta National.
Scheffler has created a wide gap between he and McIlroy in the last six weeks.
Pulling one from a five-course chain owned by the city could bring the region's entire golf program crumbling.
Here's how to watch the LPGA's first major of the season and the PGA Tour's fifth signature event of 2024.
Scottie Scheffler’s second Masters win in three years was comprehensive in the end.
Here's who will be playing the PGA Tour's latest signature event.
Scottie Scheffler confirmed himself as the best golfer on the planet with Sunday's Masters victory but Ludvig Aberg's performance should not go unnoticed, writes Iain Carter.
“It doesn’t take much to get out of position here," Woods said.
They say that the Masters does not start until the back nine on a Sunday. Not for Scottie Scheffler, it doesn’t. For the second time in three years, this is exactly when he ended it, clinically pulling clear towards the Butler Cabin as all those around him lost their heads.
After winning his second green jacket, Scheffler could only think about his wife, Meredith, and the impending birth of their first child.
Scottie Scheffler clinched his second Masters title in style on Sunday, cementing the American’s status as the preeminent force in men’s golf.
Swede Ludvig Aberg's bid to become the only major debutant to triumph at the Masters fell short on Sunday but his major tournament performance confirmed his status as the rising star in golf.- Makes him really hungry -
At a time when golf is riven by the often bitter divide between the PGA Tour and LIV Golf, the emergence of a new star excites many but he isn't entirely comfortable with being described as the "new face of golf."
After winning his second green jacket as Masters champion, Scottie Scheffler spoke of his heart, his wife Meredith and their baby's arrival.
Homa gave both an honest and a professional answer when asked about his hard-luck double bogey.
A disappointing third-place finish at the Masters might have the seeds of reviving two-time major winner Collin Morikawa's form so he can rival top-ranked Scottie Scheffler.Who knows how the ending would have finished out?
Masters champion Scottie Scheffler's showcased once again his outstanding ability to keep his focus and calm as he marched to his second win at Augusta National on Sunday and then revealed his ruthless side."And when you're here in the biggest moments, when I'm sitting there with the lead on Sunday, I really, really want to win badly."
Augusta National is famous for its final-round pressure, and no one handles it better than Scottie Scheffler.
Bryson DeChambeau and Cameron Smith posted the best finishes among the LIV Golf players at the 2024 Masters tournament.
Augusta National’s famed stretch of golf holes turned into a nightmare for a trio of contenders.
Scottie Scheffler cruised to a four-shot victory over Ludvig Aberg in the 88th Masters tournament after entering the final round in a three-way tie for first. His 68 clinched the win and was worth $3.6 million, up $360,000 from last year when Jon Rahm won. The win further cemented Scheffler’s position as the best golfer …
Verne Lundquist ended a 40-year run at the Masters.
A look at the purse payout for those who made the cut at the 88th Masters.
Top-ranked Scottie Scheffler dominated a back-nine shootout to capture his second Masters title on Sunday, taking a four-stroke victory at Augusta National.Only Horton Smith needed fewer, taking two of the first three Augusta titles in the 1930s.
The pre-tournament favourite and World No 1 coasted to a four-shot victory as his pregnant wife Merideth watched from home expecting the couple’s first child
The Masters has a record $20 million purse this year.
A final round 8-over-par 80 dropped Utah's Tony Finau into a tie for 55th as the 88th Masters concluded Sunday
Scottie Scheffler has won the Masters Tournament for the second time in three years.
A defiant Tiger Woods insisted it had been a “good week” for him overall at the Masters despite finishing 60th and last of those who made the cut.
Scottie Scheffler pulled away over the final 10 holes, nearly holing out twice from the fairway, to win a second green jacket.
Scottie Scheffler, the No. 1-ranked golfer in the world, delivers another masterful performance at Augusta National to claim his second Masters title.
At 27, Scottie Scheffler joins of an exclusive club of two-time Masters winners.
Rory McIlroy said this week at Augusta National is just what golf needed to see.
While Tiger Woods will always feel at home in golf, he might be able to affect the future of golf in a different, more important way.
The 24-year-old recently moved to Tallahassee, where he lives with friend and former Florida State golfer Vince Norrman
Lottie Woad had birdies on Nos. 15, 17 and 18 to win at Augusta a week ago. Augusta National   Lottie Woad has played some impressive golf in her first two seasons at Florida State. In 17 tournaments, she has finished under par 13 times and is 49 strokes under par in 50 rounds.
No career grand slam and no resulting immortality, but despite another disappointing Masters Rory McIlroy believes there is plenty of life left in his challenge this year to ensure that he does not go a decade without a major victory.
There is one aspect where the Masters tournament abandons its old-school feel: playoffs. Here's what to know about breaking ties at Augusta National.
After a 60th-place finish at the Masters, Tiger Woods said he plans to play in the 2024 PGA Championship at Valhalla in May in golf's second major.
Koepka talked about honing his game at the LIV event last weekend at Trump National Doral, saying the entire week was about checking off the final boxes.
One of Britain’s most prestigious and expensive golf clubs is in the midst of a civil war as moguls, pros and sport stars are up in arms over rising prices.
Woods has never posted a higher score, but he is committed to playing in all four majors this year.
After shooting a dismal 82 on Saturday at the Masters, Tiger Woods makes it through his second tournament since the start of 2023.
Woods said the sides might not be close to a deal but that progress is being made.
Tiger Woods said the biggest challenge for him throughout the Masters weekend was the gusting wind that wrecked havoc on shots in the tournament.
Carter Pitcairn walked up to Neal Shipley on the range Saturday afternoon and asked a simple question. "Hey, guess who we are going to be paired with tomorrow," Pitcairn, the caddie for Shipley at the 2024 Masters, asked his player. I
He wore his trademark red shirt for the final round of the Masters and drew packed crowds, but this was a Tiger Woods morning matinee show at Augusta with Sunday's real blockbuster still hours away.Swarms of fans, so rarely seen at 9:35 am on the final day at Augusta -- a full five hours before the leaders were due to tee off -- were proof, if any were needed, that Woods remains golf's top box-office draw.
Shipley, a fifth-year senior at Ohio State, beat Woods by four shots on Sunday at the Masters to finish as low amateur.
Neal Shipley, a graduate student at Ohio State, spent Sunday at Augusta National walking with none other than Tiger Woods.
Tiger Woods said he plans to do his homework on the next three major venues.
Tiger Woods shot a 77 in the final round of the Masters on Sunday to finish the tournament at 16-over, worst among players who made the cut.
Woods and Lundquist shook hands and exchanged a few words at the site of Woods' memorable chip-in at the 2005 Masters.
Neal Shipley joined Jack Nicklaus as the only Ohio State players to finish the Masters as low amateur.
Charlie Woods spent time on the range with his pops before the final round of the 2024 Masters. Not as the student, but as the teacher.
Tiger Woods finished the Masters on Sunday with a record he could do without, walking off the course with a 16-over 304, his highest 72-hole score in a career that spans three decades.  Despite the score, Woods called it a “good week" and said he's going to begin preparing for the other three majors including the PGA Championship in May, the U.S. Open in June and the British Open in July.  “This is a golf course I knew going into it, so I’m going to do my homework going forward at Pinehurst, Valhalla and Troon,” Woods said.
Tiger's son was assisting the 15-time major winner ahead of his 100th round at the Masters.
Scottie Scheffler spent more time looking at his feet than any of the white leaderboards at Augusta National, all of them showing what everyone was watching — a Masters champion again, the undisputed best player in golf.  Scheffler is No. 1 in the world by a margin not seen since Tiger Woods in his prime.  Scheffler pulled ahead with magnificent shots around the turn, poured it on along the back nine as his challengers melted away with mistakes and closed with a 4-under 68 to claim his second Masters in three years with a four-shot victory.
Scottie Scheffler flew ahead of a packed leaderboard to pick up his second career Masters win on Sunday afternoon.
The 2024 Masters continues to Round 4 with 13 LIV Golf stars chasing the green jacket. Here is an updated leaderboard for the LIV tour at Augusta on Sunday.
The 2024 Masters enters the final round with Tiger Woods continuing his quest for a sixth green jacket. Follow here for live scores and more from Day 4.
The leaderboard for Round 4 of The 2024 Masters at Augusta National is being constantly updated with the scores of top golf players.
Tiger Woods recorded his worst-ever score at the Masters to completely drop out of contention on an attritional third day, while Scottie Scheffler holds a one-shot lead going into the final round as he seeks a second career green jacket.
It's 2024 Masters Sunday, the final round at Augusta National. Tiger Woods tees off early, Scottie Scheffler will try to win second green jacket
The Masters day three as it happened
With 54 holes of the 88th Masters Tournament complete, the World No.1 tries to add another Green Jacket to his closet
Here's why those in or near the lead could win the 88th Masters Tournament.
Collin Morikawa says he "believes in what I can do" as he goes into Sunday's final round of the Masters one shot behind world number one Scottie Scheffler.
Collin Morikawa's decision to switch to a different putter before the second round of the Masters raised some eyebrows but paid off with the Californian heading into Sunday's final round just a stroke off the lead.After Thursday's opening round, when he shot 71, Morikawa switched from his recently adopted mallet head putter back to a more familiar blade putter.
Scheffler was overcome with emotion before the final round in 2022. That won't be the case this Sunday.
