The NFL has been trying to make the game safer, for years.
One of the most plugged-in NFL reporters released his first mock draft of the year on Tuesday, and it’s chock-full of unique information and picks that buck popular trends. NFL Network’s Peter Schrager dropped a mock, not with picks that he necessarily recommends, but with moves based on what he’s heard after spending weeks on the phone with GMs and...
Lions quarterback Jared Goff is in the final year of his contract, but he is at the team's facility for the voluntary portion of their offseason work.
Former Michigan wide receiver Roman Wilson recently said that he expects the Chargers to take several Wolverines in this year's draft because of head coach Jim Harbaugh's presence and a pair of options are spending time with the team as the pre-draft visit window comes to an end.
Broncos wide receiver Courtland Sutton wants a new contract, and Denver may not see him for a while if he doesn't get one.
Puka Nacua was not on too many radars at this time last year, but it didn't take long for the Rams fifth-round pick to vault himself into the upper echelon of receivers in the NFL.
Once the Packers released Aaron Jones, it didn't take long for him to strike a one-year deal with the Vikings, joining one of Green Bay's biggest rivals.
With the Giants holding the sixth overall pick in the 2024 NFL Draft, let's take a look at one prospect who may be a target: LSU wide receiver Malik Nabers.
The Birds trade up and reload on the edge in our latest 2024 NFL mock draft.
Calijah Kancey went to the Buccaneers with the 19th overall pick in last year's NFL draft, but until the Bucs called him and told him he was their pick, he was worried.
The Eagles agreed to an extension with DeVonta Smith, which is an example of what they've done best for a long time.
Phil Perry and Tom E. Curran share their instant reactions to Washington QB Michael Penix meeting with the Patriots ahead of the 2024 NFL Draft.
The Giants have two new coordinators on head coach Brian Daboll's staff this season and it looked like they might be making three changes early in the offseason.
The Packers formally re-signed a pair of their exclusive rights free agents as they got together for the start of their offseason program on Monday.
The Rams will have a very different look on defense this season.
Ernest Jones IV says he has prepared to take over as the defensive leader but the Rams want the linebacker to play out his contract and avoid extension talks.
Raiders edge rusher Maxx Crosby wasn't healthy for most of 2023, but he started all 17 games and played 95 percent of the team's defensive snaps.
The Eagles got ahead of the potential explosion in the receiver market by signing DeVonta Smith to an extension.
Michigan quarterback J.J.
The Patriots continue to due their quarterback due diligence.
Giants cornerback Nick McCloud signed his tender Monday, according to the NFL's transactions report.
Jets offensive lineman Austin Deculus signed his tender Monday, according to the NFL's transactions report.
The Giants used the sixth overall pick on Daniel Jones in 2019.
Defensive back Shemar Jean-Charles is back on the Saints' roster.
At the start of their offseason program, the Rams have had two players sign their tenders.
The Jaguars have used their roster exemption for an international player to add Australian tight end Patrick Murtagh.
The Buccaneers re-signed veteran defensive lineman William Gholston to a one-year contract, the team announced Monday.
Vikings tight end T.J.
Seahawks quarterback Geno Smith still has fond feelings for the coach who made him the starter in Seattle and was fired this offseason.
Former Texas defensive tackle T'Vondre Sweat will make two more visits this week before the pre-draft process concludes.
With 10 days until the 2024 NFL Draft begins, the Bears' list of top-30 visits has given us a roadmap for how the affair could play out after Caleb Williams goes at No. 1.
NFL general managers and executives reportedly weighed in on the ongoing contract negotiations between Brandon Aiyuk and the 49ers.
Justin Jefferson is in line for a massive contract.
Denver is adding a veteran defensive lineman.
The Eagles and DeVonta Smith have agreed to a three-year extension that will keep him in Philly through 2028.
Giants head coach Brian Daboll provided an update on quarterback Daniel Jones as the team began its offseason workout program.
The Giants have been meeting with quarterback prospects in recent weeks as they make their plans for the sixth overall pick in next week's draft, but the team has been cagey about whether they'll actually add a player at the position with their top pick.
Brock Purdy told Bay Area News Group's Can Inman that he appreciated what 49ers owner Jed York said about his contract extension.
In Detroit, UFL might mean "Unlikely For Long."
Heading into the last year of his rookie deal, 49ers receiver Brandon Aiyuk has been the subject of trade rumors throughout the offseason.
Brandon Aiyuk's agent had to respond to a report over the weekend that the 49ers WR had requested a trade.
The Bengals took care of some roster housekeeping as they started their offseason program on Monday.
Brock Purdy told Cam Inman of the Bay Area News Group on Sunday that the 49ers' Super Bowl LVIII loss to the Kansas City Chiefs still stings.
Former Bears interior offensive lineman Cody Whitehair is reportedly headed to a new home. The former Pro Bowl center signed a one year, $2.5 million deal with the Raiders, according to Adam Caplan. Per Caplan, Whitehair will receive $1.4 million in guaranteed money, and the deal can reach a maximum of $3 million. With the move, Whitehair will link back...
49ers quarterback Brock Purdy revealed to Bay Area News Group’s Cam Inman what he told Brandon Aiyuk amid the wide receiver’s ongoing contract negotiations.
The Raiders are adding a veteran lineman who has plenty of familiarity with the team's new offensive coordinator.
The Giants have a new defensive coordinator.
Next week, Howie Roseman will oversee his 14th draft as Eagles general manager, and the first 13 have ranged from brilliant to disastrous.
Wide receiver CeeDee Lamb is not among the players reporting for the start of the Cowboys offseason program on Monday.
The Eagles love to set the going rate for a position. DeVonta Smith's extension is the latest.
A strange but increasingly common kerfuffle erupted on X over the weekend, when a report emerged that 49ers receiver Brandon Aiyuk "has officially requested a trade from the 49ers, per confirmation from my San Francisco source."
Smith's new deal is reportedly worth $75 million and the Eagles also picked up their option on his contract for 2025.
Georgia tight end Brock Bowers will be at the Jets' practice facility in Florham Park on Monday on an official visit with the team.
Edge rusher Laiatu Latu has a couple more pre-draft visits lined up for this week.
With the Jets currently holding the 10th overall pick in the 2024 draft, let's take a look at one prospect who may be a target: Washington offensive lineman Troy Fautanu.
The Jets are going back to an iconic look.
When Terez Paylor put together the very first All-Juice Team in 2015, 10 of those 22 players are expected to still be on NFL rosters in 2024. We can only hope this year's team honors Terez's memory with that kind of hit rate.
The Colts have made it official, announcing that they've signed defensive tackle DeForest Buckner to a contract extension on Monday morning.
Dak, Tua, Goff could all be on the market in March.
The Commanders dropped a player from their roster on Monday morning.
A busy Monday at the Jets' facility will include a visit from the draft's top tight end.
If the Patriots invest a Day 3 draft pick on a linebacker, who should be on their radar? Phil Perry breaks down the best LB fits in his Prototypical Patriots series.
Buckner is the 10th player the Colts have brought back from their 2023 squad.
The Jets kicked off their offseason program on Monday and they also unveiled the uniforms they'll be wearing this season.
The Jets are among the 25 teams opening their voluntary offseason programs today, and Aaron Rodgers is voluntarily attending.
The defensive tackle is now signed with Indianapolis through the 2026 season.
The Chiefs made it to the Super Bowl for the fourth time in the last five seasons earlier this year, but their trip to the championship was a bit different than in previous years.
For the players, the primary goal of playing spring football is to get signed by an NFL team.
George Kittle thinks the 49ers' offensive continuity can help them be even better in 2024.
Charles McDonald and Charles Robinson team up to cover the 2024 All-Juice Team, which was released this morning on Yahoo Sports. C Mac and C Rob spend some time remembering the legacy of the great Terez Paylor (who started the All-Juice team) before going pick-by-pick and explaining how each selection was made. The duo discuss how they made the call on players like Caleb Williams, Marshall Lloyd, Amarius Mims, Chop Robinson, Malik Mustapha and more.
Later in the show, Terez' fiancee Ebony Reed joins Charles Robinson to discuss the work Terez poured into this project every year before diving into her new book, Fifteen Cents on the Dollar: How Americans Made the Black-White Wealth Gap, and how sports fans and average Americans alike can connect to the book.
The $21.8 million franchise tag is a powerful motivator.
The receiver requested a trade last month after the team placed the franchise tag on him.
The comeback king of the NFL might have one more left in him. After saying he was done with football for good, Tom Brady opened the door for a return this season. On a recent episode of DeepCut with VicBlends, Brady said he’d consider joining a team for a playoff push if they had a quarterback emergency. “I’m not opposed...
Michigan quarterback J.J.
All signs point to the Bears selecting Caleb Williams with the No. 1 overall pick when the 2024 NFL draft finally begins on Apr. 25. But even though the entire world seemingly knows what’s going to happen at the top of the board, the pick might not be official at 7 p.m. when the draft starts. That’s because the Bears...
We are just 11 days away from the 2024 NFL Draft, so the Bears’ draft needs are in pretty clear focus now. After presumably drafting Caleb Williams with the No. 1 overall pick, GM Ryan Poles will look to use the other three draft picks at his disposal to address the team’s offensive line, defensive line and potentially add another...
Brandon Aiyuk's agent Ryan Williams appeared to dispel a rumor that the wide receiver requested a trade from the 49ers.
Three years ago, the Rams decided to move on from quarterback Jared Goff.
49ers wide receiver Brandon Aiyuk may not be thrilled with the team right now, but he hasn't asked them to trade him.
What free agency means for Howie Roseman in the draft, the worst season ever by an Eagles running back and more in the latest Roob's Random Observations.
The Packers will begin their offseason program on Monday and that will provide them with their first chance to work with new defensive coordinator Jeff Hafley in person.
The big headline from Tom Brady's recent appearance on the Deep Cut podcast was that Brady has opened the door to playing again.
Cue the wHy aRE YoU tALkiNg AbOUt tOm BrADy?
With the Giants holding the sixth overall pick in the 2024 draft, let's take a look at one prospect who may be a target: Oregon State offensive tackle Taliese Fuaga.
A year ago, Bills General Manager Brandon Beane brought linebacker Von Miller to work with the Bills' contingent at the Scouting Combine, and afterward Beane was so impressed with Miller's work that he predicted Miller will be an NFL general manager some day.
As the draft approaches, most of the takes focus on how great a guy will be.
Recently, media personality Joy Taylor argued the Bears’ playoff hopes for 2024 are lofty expectations. She argued the Bears are in too competitive of a division with the Lions, who went to the NFC Championship last season, and the Packers, who upset the Dallas Cowboys on the road in the playoffs last year. Taylor dismisses the idea of the Bears...
Justin Fields is dutifully preparing for the 2024 NFL season. And part of that preparation, as it appears, is improving his accuracy. He flashed some of those improvements in a recent, impressive throwing video on social media. Some would argue processing reads and holding onto the ball were two of Fields’ major drawbacks. But accuracy was a part of that...
With the 2024 NFL Draft less than two weeks away, Caleb Williams’ official inclusion on the 2024-25 Chicago Bears is zoning in. And recently, he interacted with Bears social media, amused by a trending meme in the sports social media sphere. Williams is already interacting with the idea of him becoming the next Bears signal caller. The meme is a...
UCLA football coach DeShaun Foster is hoping to recruit talent via the NCAA transfer portal to bolster several position groups that are lacking depth.
Andrew Luck returned to Indianapolis for a charity event, six years after he retired as the Colts quarterback. He says he's never considered making a comeback to pro football.
Former Steelers receiver Hines Ward, the MVP of Super Bowl XL, will continue his coaching career in a new place.
With the so-called legal tampering period well underway, we’re going to provide some quick analysis and assign grades to the moves made by the Giants.
New-money analysis, phony back-end years pump numbers to untrue heights.
With the so-called legal tampering period well underway, we’re going to provide some quick analysis and assign grades to the moves made by the Jets so far.
With the Giants holding the sixth overall pick in the 2024 NFL Draft, let's take a look at one prospect who may be a target: Michigan quarterback J.J. McCarthy.
With the Jets currently holding the 10th overall pick in the 2024 draft, let's take a look at one prospect who may be a target: LSU wide receiver Malik Nabers
Broncos coach Sean Payton will find his quarterback of the future in Oregon's Bo Nix, if the betting odds on the 2024 NFL draft are to be believed.
San Francisco wide receiver Brandon Aiyuk has done what NFL players often do when they're not happy with their teams: He unfollowed his team on Instagram.
The Seahawks are signing free agent guard Laken Tomlinson.
This is practically a cliché in the NFL at this point.
Former Patriots cornerback Stephon Gilmore took to social media after watching "The Dynasty" and shared his thoughts on Bill Belichick as a coach.
The Giants have added veteran linebacker Matthew Adams to the mix after signing him to a deal on Friday.
The Giants will get back to work next Monday and they added a linebacker to their roster ahead of the start of the voluntary portion of their offseason schedule.
Tom Brady has said he's done playing.
The Saints are signing Bears wide receiver Equanimeous St. Brown, according to multiple reports. St. Brown, 27, has played his last two seasons with the Bears. With the Bears, he played in 23 games (started 18), recording 26 receptions, 385 yards and one touchdown. The bulk of his work came in 2022 when he played and started in every game...
Seven-time Super Bowl champ Tom Brady says he's not opposed to an NFL return under certain circumstances. Can he play and still be a Raiders owner?
Tackle Leroy Watson won't be with the Browns for the start of their offseason program next week.
NFL Network's Daniel Jeremiah believes that the 49ers would be a good fit for Alabama cornerback Kool-Aid McKinstry.
In an interview with ESPN's Laura Rutledge at The Masters, new Falcons QB Kirk Cousins came to an honest realization about the pecking order of the NFC.
Like the 49ers planned to do with Philip Rivers two seasons ago, they could keep their eye on Tom Brady if they face injuries in another deep playoff run.
Kyle Dvorchak breaks down his top eight running backs ahead of the 2024 NFL Draft.
Do the pros of Drake Maye outweigh the cons? ESPN's Mel Kiper has an interesting way of looking at the UNC product through the Patriots' eyes.
Eric Froton breaks down the top EDGE players in the 2024 NFL Draft, headlined by UCLA's Laiatu Latu and Alabama's Dallas Turner.
Stephon Gilmore is the latest former New England player to take issue with the portrayal of coach Bill Belichick in The Dynasty, the documentary about the Patriots.
The departure of Tyron Smith as a free agent has left a hole at left tackle on the Dallas offensive line and owner Jerry Jones suggested last month that the team could move Tyler Smith over one spot to replace him.
The Saints doubled down on new acquisitions on Friday.
