While the opening weekend of the 2024 UFL season provided a couple seminal moments, did anybody even notice with so much else going on in sports?
The latest version of spring football starts this weekend.
Kickoff returns are returning to the NFL.  Team owners on Tuesday approved a new rule that will take what essentially had become “a dead play” and make it an integral part of the game again.  “We feel this is a great day for the NFL,” said Saints special teams coordinator Darren Rizzi, who was heavily involved in creating the framework for the new hybrid kickoff.
When the NFL preseason begins in August, fans will see a new setup when the teams line up for the kickoff. At their annual meeting in Orlando, Fla., the NFL owners voted to approve an overhaul to the current kickoff. Under the new format, the 10 players on the kicking team will line up on …
Each UFL team has announced its final 50-man roster for the league's inaugural season. Here's a look at the quarterbacks around the league for 2024:
Troy Vincent says 24 teams could indeed embrace the change.
One of the issues the NFL Competition Committee will deal with this offseason is the future of the kickoff and those discussions include the possibility of taking a page from the XFL.
The NFL kickoff has become irrelevant.
The NFL is considering the adoption of the XFL's unique kickoff.
The NFL has been analyzing the XFL kickoff model and will consider it this offseason, along with other potential modifications, after a season in which league officials attributed a sharp drop in concussions suffered on kickoffs mostly to a lack of returns under a temporary rule change. There were eight concussions suffered on kickoffs this season, according to the league’s annual injury data. That was down from 20 concussions suffered by players on kickoffs last season, NFL health and safety of
We noted before the 2023 season that the NFL was studying the XFL's low-impact kickoff, and after another season of tinkering with the kickoff rules, the league is continuing to consider a major change.
The UFL Super Draft, the second phase of the league's dispersal draft, was held on Monday and saw a former Alabama RB rejoin the Birmingham Stallions
The 6-foot-2 defensive lineman played in six games with UWF this year, recording seven total tackles (3 solo, 4 assisted).
The XFL and USFL have combined to create the UFL.
Spring football is undergoing yet another transformation. The XFL and USFL announced Sunday they will merge to form the United Football League.Subscribe to The Post Most newsletter for the most important and interesting stories from The Washington Post. The eight-team UFL will include four teams from the XFL: the D.C. Defenders (who will play home games at Audi Field), Arlington (Tex.) Renegades (Choctaw Stadium), San Antonio Brahmas (Alamodome) and St. Louis Battlehawks (The Dome at America's C
The merger of the USFL and the XFL is official, and now tickets are available for another season of Michigan Panthers football.
The Memphis Showboats will be part of the new United Football League that is the result of the USFL-XFL merger.
The UFL, the result of an XFL-USFL merger, is the latest attempt to keep professional football in action during the spring.
We will have to wait to see if any Penn State pklayers will be playing in the newly merged UFL this spring.
The United Football League, merging the XFL and USFL into a new spring league, kicks off in March with a matchup of the two leagues' defending champs.
The two spring football leagues have formally announced plans to merge and begin play later this spring.
The UFL is back.
The Patriots have reportedly made an addition to the tight end room.
Tennessee football star Reggie White crushed Boomer Esiason, saw Michael Jackson and got a secret pro contract at the 1983 Citrus Bowl.
Four have survived.
New Mexico State, Fresno State are ready for battle in the NM Bowl. The game is set for 3:45 p.m. Saturday at University Stadium in Albuquerque.
Some former Dolphins find homes in the XFL.
Plenty of questions remain to be answered about the merged XFL and USFL.
We are in the back straightaway of the NFL season, and teams are switching into fourth gear as the race to the NFL playoffs in both conferences is tighter than turn four at Talladega.
Much remains to be learned about the combined XFL-USFL.
Former North Dakota State and Watertown High School standout Spencer Waege still waiting for another opportunity to play in the National Football League
The number of women NFL coaches has grown, but USA TODAY Sports’ NFL Coaches database found the gains are mostly in strength and conditioning roles.
Before P.J. Walker was elevated to the Cleveland Browns roster from the practice squad, the backup quarterback was a football journeyman.
The Indianapolis Colts debuted 'Indiana Nights' alternate uniforms against the Cleveland Browns. Here's how fans reacted.
There once was a UFL.
Former Vol signs letter of intent to play in the XFL.
What an NFL developmental league could look like
The USFL and XFL are merging.
Competing spring football leagues will combine forces; how will the NFL regard this new venture?
Two spring leagues become one.
And then there was one.
At a time when more pro sports teams are coming to Las Vegas, one could be leaving.
The Broncos are signing wide receiver Josh Hammond, a former XFL player.
Niko Lalos entered the NFL as an undrafted rookie in 2020 and has only played in six games so far in his NFL career, but he got some experience this year that helped his growth, in the XFL.
Ta'amu became the third D.C. Defenders offensive player to sign with the Minnesota Vikings
The XFL's offensive player of the year is joining forces with the NFL's offensive player of the year.
Former Badger number 17 is now in XFL
The low-impact kickoff popularized in the XFL continues to be a consideration for the NFL, and league officials say they're all ears if any other football league wants to suggest a better, safer kickoff.
Pittsburgh added another cornerback this week.
The Patriots reportedly are adding another linebacker to their roster. Here are the details.
A detour in the XFL with Hines Ward helped Tennessee Titans tight end Alize Mack make it back into the NFL, where he's trying to finally make a team.
The Patriots are reportedly making a move at linebacker.
The Falcons are adding the USFL's reigning defensive player of the year.
The Patriots have reportedly added a new running back to the roster.
The Cardinals added a running back after placing Marlon Mack on injured reserve.
A former Husker is making a return to the NFL after spending one season in the USFL.
After leading the XFL in rushing yards, former Saints fan-favorite running back Abram Smith is reportedly back in the NFL -- and he could play against New Orleans:
A former Ohio State star gets an opportunity in the #XFL. #GoBucks
As the NFL considers strategies for making the kickoff safer, the NFL is willing to potentially borrow from lesser pro football leagues.
The Colts signed former USFL TE La'Michael Pettway on Tuesday.
The Packers are working out quarterback Josh Love, who was the starter for Michigan Panthers of the USFL in 2023.
Trey Quinn spent two years at LSU before leading the country in catches at SMU.
The Packers are bringing back center Cole Schneider after he played this past season with the Birmingham Stallions of the USFL.
The Browns have filled their 90th roster spot
The Steelers have added a running back in free agency.
USFL championship coach Skip Holtz will help Northwestern in 2023.
After time in an NFL rookie camp and before playing in the XFL this winter, Perry High School grad Matt Carrick is back home to coach football.
The Giants have signed former XFL defensive tackle, Kevin Atkins.
The Panthers are working out 2023 USFL interception king Mark Gilbert on Tuesday.
The Panthers need a fourth quarterback after cutting Jacob Eason.
Former Chiefs second round pick Breeland Speaks' pro football career appeared to be over before this year's USFL season.
Former Texas A&M star tight end Jace Sternberger is getting a second shot at the NFL after signing with the Buffalo Bills.
On Monday, the Minnesota Vikings signed former San Jose State and Houston Roughnecks guard Jack Snyder.
Former Rutgers football linebacker Drew Singleton is on the radar of the XFL.
The former USFL wide out is headed to Cleveland for training camp
The leading receiver from this year's XFL season is getting a look in Cleveland.
The Packers are reportedly adding a quarterback to their roster ahead of training camp.
The Packers are signing QB Alex McGough of the Birmingham Stallions and the USFL's MVP in 2023.
The Packers are hosting a workout on Tuesday for USFL MVP quarterback Alex McGough.
Quarterback Alex McGough is trying to parley his success in the USFL into a return to the NFL.
The New York Giants hosted RB Mark Thompson, the 2023 USFL Offensive Player of the Year, as part of their Monday workouts.
The Jacksonville Jaguars announced Monday that the team has signed former USFL tight end Josh Pederson, the son of head coach Doug Pederson.
The Dallas Cowboys signed kicker Brandon Aubrey, the team announced Thursday. Aubrey spent the past two seasons with the USFL's Birmingham Stallions.
Dallas has added another special teams player to their roster ahead of training camp.
After the first season of USFL 2.0, the four-letter league put more than 60 players into NFL training camps.
The Birmingham Stallions have won the first two championships of USFL 2.0.
Birmingham Stallions leave Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium as USFL champions for second straight year, this time led by Alex McGough and Deon Cain.
The Birmingham Stallions are the USFL champions for a second straight year
The Birmingham Stallions will face the Pittsburgh Maulers in the USFL championship game tonight. There are five former Broncos involved.
Everything you need to know to watch the 2023 USFL title game between the defending champion Birmingham Stallions and underdog Pittsburgh Maulers.
Canton hosts USFL Championship Game on Saturday night. Here's a look at players to watch when the Pittsburgh Maulers and Birmingham Stallions meet.
In its second year of its second iteration, the USFL generated comparable TV ratings to the third-ever first season of the XFL.
From @ReidDHanson: Last season, the Cowboys picked up a USFL player and made him a Pro Bowler. Who might they be targeting this season as a midsummer signing?
Do you know the way to San Jose. Bailey Gaither does. He spent six years there. The Canton-based USFL receiver believes he can find a way to the NFL.
A former LSU football player won the USFL's Special Teams Player of the Year award.
KJ Kinsler was sleep when the Orlando Guardians selected him in the XFL draft. When he woke up several childhood dreams came true
Coan recently completed his first season in the XFL
Garrett Groshek found the end zone in the USFL Divisional Round
Several Wisconsin products are making noise in the USFL
The Birmingham Stallions continue to dominate USFL 2.0 After going 9-1 in 2022 and winning the league title, Birmingham returns to Canton next weekend for a shot at its second straight USFL Championship. The Stallions beat the New Orleans Breakers on Sunday night, 47-22. The game was played in Birmingham. The Stallions went 8-2 during [more]
The Pittsburgh Maulers continue their remarkable turnaround in Canton and will play for the USFL championship after winning North Division title.
When it comes to improving the officiating function, the NFL typically has displayed a toxic combination of cheapness and stubbornness.
Two former members of the New York Giants have been named to the 2023 All-USFL Team.
