Looking to calm skin that is inflamed from acne? Open your kitchen cabinet. Foods like cucumbers and honey may...
Using beef tallow for skin care has been said to rival retinol's effectiveness, improve the skin barrier, soothe...
Coconut oil, olive oil, and sunflower seed oil aren’t just for the kitchen. We dive into the science-backed benefits...
From collagen to green tea, these are the anti-aging ingredients that dermatologists and scientific research suggest...
Back acne can happen for a variety of reasons, from dirty clothes to pressure on your back to certain medications...
It’s a healthy approach to making positive change to your fitness, eating, and mental health. It’s trending on...
Strong arms and shoulders are key for everyday tasks and sports. Use a resistance band for greater arm and shoulder...
Strong ab and core muscles can boost athletic performance and prevent injury. Incorporate a resistance band for...
Pvolve is an exercise method that builds functional fitness. Read why an Everyday Health editor with 15 years ...
Strong legs are essential for sports and daily life. Incorporate a resistance band to provide your muscles a unique...
Advocates are raving about the health benefits of this traditional yoga pose. An integrative medicine physician...
Yoga is a physical practice. Therefore, yes, you can push yourself too hard or attempt a difficult type of yoga...
Yoga can strengthen your muscles and improve flexibility. Did you know it can also help with symptom management...
Experts shared their top tips for what to do when daily stressors get in the way of good sleep, when to use sleep...
Experts say sleeping in the nude could improve your shut-eye and emotional connection with your bed partner, and...
Tired (ha!) of sleeping poorly? We found the 7 best pillows for side sleepers through rigorous testing, and with...
Not sleeping well is a pain in the neck. Luckily, these best pillows for neck pain can help you get the rest you...
Want to find the best pillows on the market? After testing dozens of options and consulting experts, we found ...
Find out more about this erogenous zone, where it's located, and tips on stimulation.
TikTok influencers say boric acid suppositories are a cure-all for vaginal concerns. While they can help treat...
Regular orgasms can play an important role in our emotional and physical health. Consider the following benefits...
Vaginal dryness can be caused by hormonal changes, irritants, and other factors. A dry vagina can also make sex...
Learning to appreciate your body for its functions rather than its appearance can improve your sex life. Find ...
Chronically high cortisol levels can contribute to health issues, like obesity, type 2 diabetes, heart disease...
The prevalence of remote work and 24/7 connectivity, setting expectations and boundaries is more important than...
Are you experiencing symptoms — and understandable ‘scanxiety’ — while waiting for a medical diagnosis? Here are...
Through heartbreak, health conditions, and social injustice, people from all walks of life have found ways to ...
Resilience is our ability to withstand life’s challenges and grow stronger. It’s not something you are or aren...
Those anxious feelings of shame and guilt following a night out are so common there’s a name for it. Here’s what...
Experts aren’t yet sure how Ozempic affects people with depression because they were excluded from clinical trials...
Surgically implanted vagus nerve stimulation devices may help with some mood disorders. Whether DIY strategies...
Where can Black Americans turn for help? Here's a list of resources.
Explore the top online therapy services reviewed and tested by experts. Find the best platforms for mental healthcare...
Setting and meeting financial expectations can improve your general well-being.
The money troubles so often associated with cancer care are often referred to as "financial toxicity." The phrase...
Aloe vera is a natural remedy that’s widely available. From helping treat skin conditions to lowering blood sugar...
The ancient practice of reflexology, a form of massage therapy focusing on pressure points in the feet, hands,...
Explore the potential benefits and challenges of microdosing psychedelics for mental health conditions. Understand...
Explore the benefits of acupressure, a traditional Chinese therapy that stimulates specific points on the body...
