Swollen or discolored skin under your eyes doesn’t have to be your fate. Even if they’re a family trait, you can...
There are many skin-care products claiming they can help balance the pH of your skin. Are they worth the hype?...
Retinol, a type of retinoid, is arguably the most beloved skin-care ingredient. But how does it work to reduce...
Buying alcohol-free skin-care products isn’t always necessary. Find out why alcohol is used, how much is in your...
Wearing some type of sunscreen is crucial for keeping your skin cancer-free and youthful. But for certain skins...
It might be a part of your daily routine, but are you getting it right? Here’s what you should know about how ...
The short answer is no, but hormonal changes from life stages, including puberty, pregnancy, and menopause, can...
Exercise can help improve the health and appearance of your skin. Give it the love it needs to stay healthy by...
You know that your daily cleansing, toning, and moisturizing routine helps your skin look its best. But did you...
From collagen-boosting serums to specialty in-office procedures, here’s how the experts practice skin-care as ...
Following these six steps can help you avoid wrinkles, dullness, and flakiness. Here, we outline the scientific...
Research on apple cider vinegar skin benefits is limited, but dermatologists say certain components of ACV may...
Bone broth is touted as a miracle worker, with some claiming it treats joint pain and is a quick fix for smoothing...
Some say the ketogenic diet cleared their acne, while others claim they got itchy, red skin, known as “keto rash...
Warm weather can provide needed moisture to quench dry skin, but the heat can also enhance hyperpigmentation. ...
There’s a growing fear of toxic sunscreen, and an EWG report may fuel concerns. But broad-spectrum, water-resistant...
Even the best sunscreen won't protect you well if you don't apply it right. And those missteps can leave you more...
Your wardrobe isn’t the only thing to change come autumn. Fall is the perfect time to reset your skin-care routine...
From defining UVA vs. UVB to water-resistant vs. waterproof, this sunscreen vocabulary list will help you to choose...
Laser resurfacing procedures can improve wrinkled, discolored, or otherwise dull skin. But which healthcare practitioner...
Proponents say the Hydrafacial cleanses, exfoliates, brightens, and firms skin. But does it work?
If you have diabetes, you’re likely to develop certain skin problems like diabetic rash, sores, and blisters. ...
Botox and other injectable wrinkle reducers paralyze facial muscles, which reduces fine lines and wrinkles. But...
Research on this trendy skin-care ingredient is limited, but early findings suggest that CBD may play a role in...
For most people, LED masks are safe, but you’ll want to talk to a dermatologist first if you have an existing ...
While you won’t want to ditch your dermatologist, experts say these home skin-care devices may be worth considering...
If you don’t have a serum in your arsenal, here’s how one can help lessen lines, banish breakouts, and erase dark...
Spot, be gone! Pimple patches suck out bacteria that causes acne breakouts and speed wound healing, thanks to ...
Are jade rollers legit? They're made of jade, rose quartz, or amethyst, and are used to boost brightness and smooth...
